ILN-V. 44 Illustrations (18)

  Title Page

p. 12-The Suspected Confederate Cruiser Pampero Seized at Glasgow.

p. 20-Burning of the American River Steamer Isaac Newton on her Way from New York to Albany.

p. 29-The War in America:  The Confederates Quitting Brownsville, Texas, on Hearing of the Approach of Federal Transports.-See next page.

p. 33-The War in America:  The Federal Steamer Chesapeake, Seized by Confederates, Landing Crew and Passengers off Musquash Harbour, Bay of Fundy.-See next page.

p. 76-The War in America:  Fort Fisher, Commanding the New Inlet Entrance to Cape Fear River.-The British Steamer Hansa Running the Blockade under the Guns of the Fort.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 285-The Wreck of the Bohemian, Montreal Ocean Company's Steam-Packet, off the Coast of Maine.

p. 313-The War in America:  Winter Quarters of the Left Wing of the Confederate Army of the Rapidan.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist-See next page.

p. 320-The Alabama Destroying the Texan Star, or Martaban, in the Malacca Straits-The Kwan-Tung, Chinese War-Steamer, in the Distance.  From a Sketch by Commander Allen Young, R.N.

p. 349-a.  The City of New York Steam-Ship on Daunt's Rock, at the Entrance of Queenstown Harbour.  and  b.  The Midships Saloon of the City of New York

p. 353-The War in America:  Camp of Federal Prisoners on Belle Isle, Richmond.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Full Page)

pp. 364-365-The War in America:  View of Nassau, in the British West Indies, the Depot for the Blockade-Running Trade.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Double-page Spread at Bottom of Pages)

p. 432-Illustrations of the War in America, by Our Special Artist.  Unloading Cotton from Blockade-Runners at Nassau, New Providence.  and  General Stuart's Head-quarters on the Rapidan.-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 521-The Confederate Cruiser Georgia.

p. 533-General Robert Edmund Lee, Commander-in-Chief of the Army of the Confederate States of America.  See next page.

p. 573-General Longstreet, of the Army of the Confederate States of America.-From a Photograph.

p. 585-The Late General J. E. B. Stuart, of the Army of the Confederate States.







1


1


