ILN-V.40 Illustrations (47)

     Title Page

p. 4-The Slidell and Mason Case Argued at the American Bar.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 19.

p. 40-The Civil War in America:  Execution of a Deserter in the Federal Camp, Alexandria.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 61-The Civil War in America:  Advanced Post of General Blenker's Division Surprised at Anandale, Virginia, by Confederate Cavalry.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist  (Full Page)

pp. 64-65-The Great International Railway Suspension-Bridge over the Niagara River, Connecting the New York Central and the Great Western of Canada Railways.-See page 67.  (Double-Page Spread)

p. 82-The Outrage on the Trent:  Lord Lyons Communicating Earl Russell's Despatch to Mr. Secretary Seward.  (Full Page)

p. 91-The Civil War in America:  Advance of the Skirmishers of the Bucktail Rifles on the Confederate Position at Drainsville, Virginia, From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 95.

p. 95-a.  Mr. Yancey, One of the Commissioners from the Confederate States of America to the European Courts.  b.  The War in America:  A Night Alarm in the Federal Camp-Signalling from the Right Bank of the Potomac to Head-Quarters at Washington.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 98-The Federal Sloop-of-War Tuscarora in Southampton Water.-See page 81.

p. 114-The Confederate Sloop-of-War Sumter Capturing Two Federal Merchantmen off Gibraltar.-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 119-New-Year's Reception at the White House, Washington.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist -See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 186-The Civil War in America: Hatteras Spit, with the Wreck of the City of New York on the Bar in the Distance.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 187-The Civil War in America:  The Picket Leading the Ships of the Burnside Expedition over the Hatteras Bar.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 200.

p. 258-The Civil War in America:  Provisional Camp of a Portion of the Burnside Expedition at Hatteras Inlet, North Carolina.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  The Civil War in America:  Camp Winfield, Hatteras Inlet, North Carolina.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 262.  (Full Page)

p. 259-Sketches from the Washoe Silver Region, North America:  Virginia City from the South, Mount Davidson, Cedar Hill, and Six Miles Gutch [sic].-See page 362 [sic, 262].

p. 262-a.  Sketches from the Washoe Silver Region, America:  Gold Hill, Mount Davidson, and the Ophir Road.  and  b.  Sketches from the Washoe Silver Region, North America:  Devil's Gate, and the Crushing-Mills at the North End of Silver City.

p. 295-The Civil War in America:  Attack on the Confederate Batteries at Roanoke Island by the Federal Gun-Boats.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist -See next page.  And  The Civil War in America.-General Burnside's Expedition:  Fort Barrow, Roanoke Island, after its Capture by the Federalists.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Full Page)

p. 298-The Civil War in America.-General Burnside's Expedition:  The 9th New York (Hawkins's Zouaves) and the 21st Massachusetts Taking the Confederate Fieldwork on Roanoke Island at the Point of the Bayonet.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 296.  (Full Page)

p. 307-Breaking up of the Ice at New York:  A View from the East River.  See Supplement, page 320.

p. 310-The Civil War in America:  Confederate Prisoners in Camp Georgia, Roanoke Island -From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 320.

p. 323-The Recent Floods in Sacramento Valley, California.-The Corner of L and Fourth Streets, Sacramento City:  View through L-Street Eastwards.---See page 326.

p. 326-The Recent Floods in Sacramento Valley, California.  a.  The U.S. Revenue Steamer Schubric Anchored in the Sacramento, near Rio Vista.  b.  The Levee opposite K-Street, Sacramento City, at Three a.m. on the 24th of January Last, during the Third Flood.  c.  Sixth-Street, Sacramento City, Looking South.

p. 327-The Civil War in America.-Naval Engagement in Hampton Roads:  The Confederate Iron-Plated Steamer Merrimac (or Virginia) Running into the Federal Sloop Cumberland.-From a Sketch by T. Nast.-See Supplement, page 344.

p. 330-The Civil War in America:  Fight in Hampton Roads between the Federal floating-battery Monitor and the Confederate Iron-Plated Steamer Merrimac (or Virginia).  From a Sketch by T. Nast.-See Supplement, page 344.

p. 334-The Civil War in America:  Baggage-Waggons and Gun-Carriages of the Army of the Potomac on the Move.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 335-Mr. George Peabody.-See page 383 [sic].

p. 359-The Civil War in America: General Burnside.-From a Sketch by T. Nast.-See Supplement, page 376.

p. 362-The Civil War in America:  Federals Advancing on the Abandoned Confederate Positions at Centreville.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 376.  (Full Page)

pp. 366-367-The Civil War in America:  Action between the Merrimac (or Virginia) and the Monitor in Hampton Roads.  (Top, Double-Page Spread)  and  (p. 366)  The Civil War in America:  Federal Cavalry Scouts Entering the Depot at Manassas Junction.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 376.

p. 382-H.M.S. Diadem Taking off the Crew of the Dismasted American Ship C. W. Connor, near Bermuda.-See preceding page.

p. 403-The Civil War in America:  Reconnaissance Made by General Stoneman, Accompanied by the Comte de Paris and the Duc de Chartres, to Cedar Run.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 418-The Civil War in America:  A Portion of the Abandoned Confederate Works and Camp at Centreville.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 458-The Civil War in America:  Embarkation of a Portion of the Army of the Potomac at Alexandria, near Washington.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 507-Captain William Wilson, of the Emily St. Pierre.

p. 531-The Cook and Steward of the Emily St. Pierre.

p. 547-a.  The Civil War in America: General View of Richmond, Virginia.-From a Sketch by G. H. Andrews.  b.  The City Quay, Richmond.-From a Sketch by G. H. Andrews.  c.  Railway Bridge Over the Rapids of James River.-From a Sketch by G. H. Andrews.

p. 554-The War in America:  General Pope's Division at the Levee, Cairo, on its Way from New Madrid to Reinforce General Halleck, near Corinth.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist

p. 599-The Civil War in America:  Jefferson Thompson's Guerrillas Shooting at Federal Boats on the Mississippi.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 607.

p. 607-Engagement off Fort Pillow, Mississippi River, between Federal and Confederate Gun-Boats.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 655-The Civil War in America:  Midnight Storm on the Mississippi-Federal Flotilla at Anchor off Fort Pillow.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.



1


