ILN-V. 43 Illustrations (25)

   Title Page

p. 28-Map of Vicksburg.

p. 117-Major-General George G. Meade, the New Commander of the Army of the Potomac.

p. 125-The Riots in New York: Attack by the Mob on the Tribune Newspaper Office.-See page 142.

p. 128-The Civil War in America: Train with Reinforcements for General Johnston Running off the Track in the Forests of Mississippi.  and  The Civil War in America: Re-occupation of Jackson, Mississippi, by the Confederates.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 129-The Riots in New York:  The Mob Lynching a Negro in Clarkson-Street.-See page 142.

p. 132-The Riots in New York: The Mob Burning the Provost Marshall's Office.-See page 142.  (Full Page)

p. 156-Map Illustrating General Lee's Advance into Pennsylvania.  and Plan of Pittsburgh.  and The Defences of Washington.

p. 168-The Riots in New York:  Destruction of the Coloured Orphan Asylum.  and  The Riots in New York:  Conflict between the Military and the Rioters in First-Avenue.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 193-Monteagle House Hotel, Niagara Falls.

p. 204-a.  Chicago, from the Michigan Central Railway.  and  b.  Street in Chicago, United States.

p. 216-The Civil War in America.  Southern Refugees Encamping in the Woods Near Vicksburg.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See preceding page.  and  Confederate Scouts with Percussion-Caps for the Garrison of Vicksburg Running the Federal Pickets.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Full Page)

p. 301-The War in America:  Assault on Fort Wagner, Charleston Harbour, on the Night of July 18-The Rush of the Garrison to the Parapet.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 317.

p. 317-The War in America:  Scene Presented in the Ditch and on the Southern Slope of Fort Wagner, Charleston Harbour, the Morning after the Assault of July 18, From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 341-Macon, Georgia.-See next page.

p. 361-Scenes on Board the Alabama.  From Photographs.  a.  Capt. Semmes' Secretary.  Mr. Bullock, Master.  b.  Captain Semmes.  c. Mr. MacIntyre Kell, First Lieutenant.

p. 557-The War in America:  Confederate Sharpshooters Firing on a Federal Supply-Train on the Tennessee River.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 574.

p. 561-Family Worship in a Plantation in South Carolina.-See page 574  and  The War in America:  The Federals Shelling the City of Charleston-Shell Bursting in the Streets.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 574.  (Full Page)

p. 564-Illustrations of the War in America by Our Special Artist.  The Interior of Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbour, after a Continuous Bombardment by the Federal Batteries of Morris Island.  and  The Fight for the Rifle Pits in Front of Battery Wagner.-See page 574.  (Full Page)

p. 616-The Confederate Screw-Steamer Rappahannock Lying at Calais Pier.-See page 637.

p. 661-The War in America:  Battle of Chicamauga-The Confederate General Hood, Wounded.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.

p. 664-Illustrations of the War in America, by Our Special Artist.  View of Chattanooga and the Federal Lines from the Lower Ridge of Lookout Mountain.  and  View of Chattanooga and the Federal Positions from the Left Centre of the Confederate Lines.-See page 662.  (Full Page)






1


