ILN-V.39 Illustrations (56)

            Title Page

p. 28-a.  The Civil War in America: How the Outlying Sentries of the Federal Army Are Killed by Secessionist Scouts.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  b.  The Civil War in America:  Unionist Scouting Party in the Virginian Woods in the neighbourhood of Alexandria.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 47-The Civil War in America:  Attack on the pickets of the Garibaldi Guard on the East Branch of the Potomac.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.

p. 58-The Civil War in America:  The Long Bridge over the Potomac at Washington, Guarded by United States' Artillery.

p. 71-The Civil War in America:  Capture of a United States' Dragoon by Guerrilla Horsemen of Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 83.

p. 82-The New World, One of the Hudson River Steamers.

p. 83-The Civil War in America:  "Contraband of War."-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 111-Review of Federal Troops on the 4th of July by President Lincoln and General Scott:  The Garibaldi Guard Filing Past.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 127-The Civil War in America:  Sketches from Richmond, Virginia, the Capital of the Confederate States of America.

p. 143-The Civil War in America:  Fight at Hainsville, on the Upper Potomac-Advance of the Wisconsin Men (Federalists) on the Secessionist Position.-See page 145.

p. 144-Map of District of Columbia

p. 151-The Civil War in America:  Confederate Prisoners Captured by United States' Pickets between Fairfax and Manassas Junction, Virginia.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

 p. 155-The Civil War in America:  Carolinian Pickets Flying before the Advances of the Federal Troops on Fairfax.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 167-The Civil War in America:  Attack on the Confederate Batteries at Bull Run by the 27th and 14th New York Regiments.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  The Civil War in America:  The Stampede from Bull Run.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 179-Cape Race, Newfoundland, the Termination of the American System of Telegraphs.-See Supplement, page 193.  (Full Page)

p. 226-The Civil War in America:  Engagement between the New York and an Alabama Regiment at the Battle of Bull Run.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 261-Richmond, Virginia, the Capital of the Confederate States of America.

p. 263-The War in America:  Texan Lancers (Federalists) Reconnoitring between Alexandria and Fairfax, Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  See Supplement, p. 282.

p. 271-The War in America:  Quartermaster's Department-Killing Bullocks in the Federal Camp, Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 280.

p. 283-The War in America:  Union Troops Attacking Confederate Prisoners in the Streets of Washington.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and   The War in America:  Arrest of Mr. Faulkner, Late United States' Minister to France, at Brown's Hotel, Washington, on the Charge of Treason.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Full Page)

p. 303-The Civil War in America:  Confederates Trapping a Boat's Crew of the Potomac Fleet.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 319-The Civil War in America:  The Great Falls of the Potomac.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 338-The Civil War in America:  View of Yorktown, Virginia, from the Old Nelson House.

p. 351-The Civil War in America:  Munson's Hill, with the Earthwork Thrown up by the Confederates in front of the Union Lines, Virginia.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 357.

p. 362-The War in America:  The Chain-Bridge across the Potomac above Georgetown, Looking towards the Virginian Shore.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 363-The War in America:  Bringing in the Federal Wounded after the Skirmish at Lewinsville, Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 386-The American Pony Express, En Route from the Missouri River to San Francisco.-From a Drawing by G. H. Andrews.

p. 411-The War in America:--Fort Okracoke, on Beacon Island, North Carolina, Destroyed by Fire on the 17th ult. by the Federalists.  and  The War in America:--A Confederate Deserter Coming into the Federal Lines at Munson's Hill.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 438-Illustrations of the Civil War in America.  From Sketches by Our Special Artist.:  Franklin's Brigade Passing Arlington Mill on its Way to Occupy Munson's Hill.  A Portion of the Confederate Works on Munson's Hill.  and  General M'Clellan Occupying the Confederate Position at Munson's Hill.  (Full Page)

p. 467-The Civil War in America:  Guard Tent-Punishment Drill in the Federal Camp.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 485.

p. 470-The Civil War in America:  Cutting off a Confederate Despatch-Galley on the Potomac, near Freestone Point.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 485.  (Full Page)

p. 491-a.  The Civil War in America:  Fairfax Courthouse; the Head-Quarters of General Beauregard.  and  b.  View of St. Joe, Missouri, from the Kansas side.

p. 503-a.  Brigham Young, President and Chief Prophet of the Mormon Church.  And  b.  The Residence of Brigham Young at the Great Salt Lake City, Utah.

p. 511-The Civil War in America:  The Fight at Ball's Bluff, Upper Potomac-Desperate Effort Made by the 15th Massachusetts Regiment to Clear the Woods by a Bayonet Charge.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 514.

p. 514-The Civil War in America:  Retreat of the Federalists after the Fight at Ball's Bluff, Upper Potomac, Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 535-Destruction of the Federal Merchantman Harvey Birch by the Confederate War-Sloop Nashville.-See next page.

p. 567-The Civil War in America:  Federal Picket on the Potomac, in front of the Confederate Batteries.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 570.

p. 570-The Civil War in America:  "My Reconnaissance with General Sickles in the Potomac."-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 571-The Civil War in America:  The Confederate Batteries on the Lower Potomac, Virginia Shore, Opposite Budd's Ferry-Government Store-Schooners Running the Blockade.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  The Civil War in America:  The Ten-Pounder Gun Battery (Federalist) at Budd's Ferry, Lower Potomac, opposite the Confederate Batteries on the Virginia Shore.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Full Page)

p. 583-The Seizure by Captain Wilks, of the United States' War-Ship San Jacinto, of Messrs. Slidell and Mason, Confederate Commissioners, on Board the British Mail-Steamer Trent.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 591-a.  Captain Wilks, of the San Jacinto.  And  b.  The Confederate Commissioners to England and France seized on board the Trent.-See next page.

p. 594-Captain Moir, of the Trent.

p. 599-General M'Clellan, Commander-in-Chief of the Federal Forces.-See Supplement, page 612.  (Full Page)

p. 607-Embarkation at Woolwich, Yesterday Week, of the E Battery Fourth Brigade of Royal Field Artillery on Board the Melbourne for Canada.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 610-The Civil War in America:  The Confederate Army-Mississippians Passing in Review before General Beauregard and Staff  (Full Page)

p. 611-The Civil War in America:  Torchlight Procession of General Blenker's Brigade at Washington in Honour of General M'Clellan Taking Command of the Federal Army.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 615-Reinforcements for Canada:  The Military Train.-See page 620.

p. 651-The Civil War in America: Skirmish near Fall's Church, Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 655-The Boundary Line between the United States and Canada.-See next page.

p. 659-Reinforcements for Canada: The Guards Leaving the South-Western Railway Station for Southampton.-See next page.  And  Shipping Munitions of War at the Tower for Canada.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 662-Reinforcements for Canada:  The Guards Crossing Westminster-Bridge on their Way to the South-Western Railway Station-See preceding page.

p. 666-The Civil War in America:  Drumming Out a Soldier of the Federal Army through the Streets of Washington.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.
0


4


