THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS
VOL. 39

{Vol. 39 Issue. 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 537}

THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Europa we are in receipt of papers to the lath

and telegrams to the 15th, inst.

THE CAPTURE OF BEAUFORT.

Of the eighty-four transports and war-vessels which constituted the iiavai expedition when it set sail from Hampton Roads seventy-live

arrived safely in the harbour of Port Royal, on the coast of South Carolina, about midway between Charleston an Savannah. The bombardment commenced on the 7th inst., and, after a fight of four horns, the Confederates abandoned the forte at the entrance to the e init, and retreated precipitately.' The Federals captured two forts, forty-three guns, military equipments, charts, and other valuable rai era. The Confederates complain that their artillery was badly t served, while that of their enemies was ably handled. The Federals in the attack lost only one gun-boat, whose hands were all saved. On the following day the Federal army, numbering 15,000 men, landed '. and established themselves at Beaufort, the seaside resort of the plater. The settlement, together with the neighbouring plantations, had been totally destroyed by the Confederates. Large numbers of negroes came into the 1'ederai camp. The loss of life seems to have been small. The Federals set down their loss at eight; that of the Confederates is loosely estimated at a hundred. The small fleet of the Confederates, commanded by Commodore Tatnall, took no part in the action. Many of them escaped up the inlet leading to the Savannah river, others were run ashore, and the remainder were intercepted 1 ty the Federal vessels. Of the rune Federal vessels which were disabled en route, seven returned to Fortress Monroe, and two were wrecked on the coast of North Carolina. One of these contained ordnance stores, lire olireri, troops to the number' of 75 (who were taken pnsoiiern) and

 horses, of whom all were lost except 15.

ILELLII]EaEN'r OPERATIONS ON LAND

In Western Virginia the town of Guyandottc, on the Ohio River, was attacked by 000 Confederates, arid, out of 150 Union troops stationed there, 100 were either killed or taken prisoners. The Confederates then retreated, when a loyal regiment retook the town and set lire to P, ecdriCirrg the greater part to ashes.

At Piketowli, the capital of Pike county, Kentucky, the easternmost county in the State, General Nelson (Federal) defeated General forces arid took their leaders prisoners, The Secessionists lost 400 killed arid a large number of prisoners.

A battle took place in Missouri on the 7th, of winch the aecourste mnre very unsatisfactory. It appears that an expedition left the Federal camp itt Cairo, Illinois, arid landed at Belmont, in Missouri, nearly opposite Columbia. The expedition numbered about SlOt.) men, and made an attack on a Confederate camp, numbering, they say, 7000. The enuny were driven out of their entrenclrmcnts, and their camp destroyed. As the Federals were retiring, booty laden, they were taken in the rear by a body of Confederates and compelled to retreat to tirrir boats, leaving their booty to the enemy. The Federals admit a t lose of from 300 to 500 in killed, wounded, and missing.

Tire army of the West has not advanced beyond Sprinsgdrid. General hlalleck, of California, less been appointed to command it. He is cite of the four Major-Generals of the regular army of the United States. He entered the army in 1839, arid is now about forty-two years of age. lie has written two works on military matters, and tilt ncentty was practising law in Sun Franrisco. (loner-al Frernont, on his return to St. Louis, received an ovation from the (lerrmsane o thra r dry.

 THE SOUTHERN COAST.

The late gale, in which the North Briton was lost, raged with almost urcauimpled severity at hatteras Inlet, and the high tide had overhoer ed the space outside the forts to such an extent that a new channel was being formed between them. It was apprehended that the forts night thus be rendered untenable. Some clothing and stores taken down front Fortress Monroe for the use of tire Indiana regiment stnticued there were washed away, after being landed, and host. The ormo of this regiment was submerged arid everything it contained

rslreel away. The regiment has since been brought back to Monroe. Mm oh sickness prevails among the occupying force on hatteras.

The Sorrtirersr journals report the arrival of the Confederate steamer Theodora at Savannah with a valuable cargo of stores.

The steamer Bermuda escaped from Charleston with a cargo of rosin Dr-oh turpentine and 2000 bales of cotton. She was permitted to tkc a cargo of COttOCr as a mark of gratitude for the valuable supply of armrss and rnruriiunition she had brought; but, as a general rule, ships running the blockade for Europe are not allowed by the people to take cotton.

THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

President Davis and Vice- i'resident Stephens have been re-elected to tue pitbnt they now severally occupy.

Jtt.tah P. Benjamin has been appointed Secretary for War.

THE DEFENCE OF THE COASTS.

Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania, has written a caustic reply to Mr. Seward's circular letter', lie objects to corresponding by slips cut [torn lreevr)trrpers ; ire is surprised that the late Congress was not solicited to price appropriations for this purpose if timings were more menacing then than r-,w, lie says that ire sloes not feel himself jirstitierl in calling a sicial Session of (the State Legislature, while Congress wSl rensn uible a month before the regular Session of the fotmer Wily. Tm whole subject of coast defences could only be dealt with by the general fervenrhneemrt. Even if the States were to undertake tire job, the competition in the mrronoy markets for' loans between the nation an-1 the Stirtes would be very injurious to both. Pennsylvania had already

II I considerable tunis for raising volunteers, and the Fed-n-al -(11ov1(1Y1c`m( ent had thrown great difficulties in the way of rcpnryrnit. On the evirole, ire suggests the abandonment of Mr. Sward's pint.

amIscrSLLtNitous.

'lire captain of the shaver Erie had been convicted of the ctitai Cit nec by a New York jury. This is remarkable as being the only ,'cm'.ietionm of the kind since 18210 when tire traffic was declared pira'y by Congress. Another trial for a similar crime is progressing in New )hmifcrd.

III New Jersey the Democratic party had carried the Statm. In 11

Ban land the Union ticket prevailed. To this result the surveillance

txo,-iscd oven' the poiis by General Dix's troops greatly contribnitci,

A uscreorial was in circulation in St. Louis, asking Congress to relieve

lmii'.cmmi from the national taxes, because It" citsons have &rttiiy

sidtened O concisely from the war.


{Vol. 39 Issue. 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 537}

LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The following telegrams were received through Mr. Reuters's 0th

yesterday (Friday)

THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

By the Steamer City of New York, which arrived at Qucenstown on 'I'hnisday, we have intelligence from New York to the 15th inst.;

There is no conclusive evidence of the occupation of Beaufort by the Federals. The Charleston papers of the 12th inst. deny that the Federals have occupied the town, and tate that reinforcements had been sent thither by the Confederates who were pieparing to defend the town. The Federals, however, have occupied hilton Island, the cotton crop on which was found to have baen fired by the residents before leaving. The Charleston Courier says there is little cotton stored at or near Beaufort. The New York journals state that the Federal Government has not determined whether fleaufort shall be made a port of entry. The Southern journals state that black flags have been hoisted at Charleston and Savannah as an indication that no quarter would be given and that none would be asked.

Eighteen Federal officers, prisoners of war at Richmond, have been selected to be hung, should the Federal Government hang the crow of the privateer Savannah.

Oontirinatory accounts have been received of bridge-burning on a most extensive scale by the Union men of East Tennesco, Missouri.

The Federal army has evacuated Springfield, Mimouri, returning to St. Louis.

It is reported that a United States' war-vessel has captured a large British steamer, suppose-I to be the Fingal, laden with arms, at K'y West.

Colonel Cochrano, in addressing his regiment at Washington, urged the seining of the Southern slaves against their masters. The Secretary for War was present on the occasion, and is reported to have fully endorsed Colonel Cochrane's speech.

A despatch from Fortress Monroe reports the arrival of the United States' steam-sloop-of-wax San Jacinto, with Messrs. Slidell and Mason on board.

 The reported battle at Pikeville, Kentucky, wxs very much exaggerated. There were no killed, and the number of wounded and prisoners is reduced to 80 and 50 respectively.

'Ihe report of the capture of the Sumter has not been confirmed.

OPINIONS OP THE FRENCH PRESS ON TIlE CAPTURE OF TillS

SouT!IunN CoMMISSTON1ats.-Paris, Nov. 2,3.-The P,iti.ie of this evening, in an article signed by M. Cuchevul.Olnrigny, maintains that the agent of the Washington Cabinet had no right to arrest the Southern Commiossioners while on board an English mail steamer; and asserts that the English Government has ordered preparations to he made for the immediate dispatch of reinforcements to Canada. The Pails and Cmsti(utionnel censure the conduct of the commander of the Federal vessel San Jacinto.


{Vol. 39 Issue 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 537}

SEIZURE OF CONFEDERATE COMMISSIONERS.

STARTLING news has been brought by the West Indian mail steamer La Plata, which arrived at Southampton on Wednesday. On th

titli inst. Mr. Slidell, the accredited commissioner to France from the Confederate States, and Mr. Mason, engaged on a similar mission to France, with their respective secretaries, Messrs. Eustis and M'Fariand-who had run the blockade at Charleston and arrived at llavannah on the 18th nit., were forcibly taken out of the British

mail-steamer Trout by the commander of the American steam-frigate

San Jacinto.

It appears that on the 7th inst. the Trent sailed in her regular course of service from h1avnnah for St. Thomas. On the following day, while the Trent was approaching a narrow passage in the Bahama Channel, a large steam-ship of war, which showed no colours, was seen waiting ahead. The Trent hoisted the British ensign, but elicited no responsive display of colours until she had approached within about 200 yiirdsof the strange ship, which then fired a shot across the Trent's how, hoisted the United States' flag, and fired a shell to leeward of the Trent. Captain Moir, the commander of the Trent, hailed the United States' steamer's captain, who replied that lie wished to scud a boat on board. A boat, containing two officers and ten men, boarded the Trent; and the boat's commanding officer, Lieutenant Fairfaa, demanded to inspect the passengerlist, but was refused pcrlnesinn. lie then declared that his commander, Captain Wilks, of the United States' steam-ship San Jacinto, had received information that Messrs. Shideil, Mason, Eustace, and M'Farland were among the passengers, and required that they should be given up to him. Captain Muir and Commander Williams, the naval officer in charge of the mails, refused to comply with the requisition; and time Confederate Commissioners, who were standing near, claimed the protection of the British flag under which they were sailing. Lieutenant Fair fax said lie would take charge of the Trent, and made a signal to the San Jacinto, which immediately dispatched several armed boats, containing about 100 marines and seamen, who with drawn cutlasses boarded the Trent, arrested the Confederate Commissioners, and forced them into the boats. While this was doing, Commander Williams protested against the act in the following terms

 In this ship I ama the rcpresemmtatlyoof list MaiCoty'S Governmsnt, nd I call upon time officers of the ship and passengers gimmermihly to mark may wails when, in the llamas of the neitiohi Goveramnont, and in distinct laoguag, C denounsa this as cmi illegal act, an act in violation of international law-an act, mace I, of wanton piracy, which, lied we the 1,150)15 of defence, you woLihl list dare t

attempt.

Mr. Shidehl, is lie was forced into the boat, requested the Treat's Captain to report exactly what had occurred, and declared that he

looked to the British Government for redress for the outrage cons-rutted upon him while lie was under the protection of the British flag. The American officers next complained that they were short of provisions, and asked for a supply for their prisoners, which was given by G a

tain Moir for the 11 exclusive use " of Messrs. Slidell, Mason, Easti~, anS MFam'land. Lieutenant Fairfax said that he was ordered to take Captain Moir and his papers on board the San Jacimito; but Captain Moir refused to go unless he was forcibly removed from his qnatterdeck. Lieutenant Fairfax thereupon told Captain Moir that he wanted nothing further, and ordered his men into the boats, which returned to the Sin Jacinto, heaving the Trent to prosecute her voyage.


{Vol. 39 Issue. 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 527}

A number of Americans in London celebrated the recent cidreeso of the expeuhltla,i to the 8ht1iermm coast by a thinner on Monday night. "it was suggested, soil hoertily approved, that a (Ji,s,i'uti Ssstt l about to ykit this country, he uhuosid be entertained at a Isamiul Oct. of loyal Amnsriua smsi E l atas."



{Vol. 39 Issue. 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 538-539}

SWORD OF HONOUR PRESENTED TO GENERAL M'CLELLAN DY THE CITY OF PHILADELPHIA,

Msssns, BATTY AND Co., of hcsnut-street Philadelphia, have just completed a sword for General MClcllan, The sword is the straight

regulation Major-General's sword, the blade of tine Damascus steel,

the scabbard and handle of silver, heavily gilt; the hilt is surmounted
by a bald-headed eagle crushing a serpent; the grip i entwined with I initia1, richly chased. On the upper ring-strap are the arms of the I of Philadelphia to Major.-General George B. MOLELTAN, by intliority

alternate convolutions of stars and laurel-leaves formed of dininonla city of I'hiladclphiu, and on the lower one those of the State of Penn- I of a reolntion of its (liouncili, approved July l, lbGI." The whole

and pearls. On the guard, which works on a hinge, are the.Generl'e sylvania. Between them i a plate with this inscription-" The City I scabbard is covered with heavy chasing.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 540-541}

LONDON, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1861.

IT has been for some time rumoured that a vessel of war bearing the flag of the Federal States of America was lying in the track of our West India mail-steamers with the intention of searching them for certain commissioners sent by the Confederate States to Europe. The statement was received with a good deal of incredulity, and the surprise and indignant feeling have been. proportionably strong at the intelligence of the course pursued by the Commander of the San Jacinto towards the mail-packet Trent. Apart from the violation of right and the insult to the British flag which are necessarily involved in this transaction, there would appear to have been a savageness in the mode in which the proceedings were conducted, from which we are inclined to augur that the American oflicers were actuated by that feeling which generally induces persons who are doubtful whether they are in the right to overdo their parts. It is quite clear that it needed not the additional circumstances of ferocity implied in firing, first round shot and then shell, at an unarmed steamer, merely for the purpose of bringing her to or the personal violence which is reported to have been used in the arrest of Mr. Slidell in particular, to elicit in a manner not to be mistaken the spirit of this country in regard to this proceeding. The most decided indications of public opinion have been afforded that England will not tamely submit to have her vessels boarded and passengers forcibly torn from beneath the protection of her flag. If, as has been asserted, it has been the object and design of the Federal Government to force Great Britain into an attitude of hostility, without question full reason and justification has been now afforded. Such an act., if done under the direct sanction and authority of the Executive at Washington, speaks for itself. Neither of the parties can desire a more complete "casus belli." It remains to be seen whether the proceedings of the commander of the San Jacinto will be adopted or disavowed by big Government. It is well known that American naval officers have been always somewhat hasty in asserting what they conceive to be the rights of their country; and in many cases it has been necessary on the part of those representatives of other countries with whom they have come into collision to exercise great forbearance. When the matter is looked at, considered with that coolness and calmness which its importance requires, it seems almost impossible to suppose that so flagrant a trespass on the rights which by international law are covered by a flag can have been deliberately planned by the American Govern. ment, or that when temperate but firm demands made for the disavowal of conduct on the face of it so unjustifiable on all grounds but one-that of seeking occasion for a quarrel-that disavowal will not be given. Notwithstanding the indignant feeling which has been evinced in this country on the receipt of this intelligence, there is no doubt that the gravity of the consequences which may ensue will be acknowledged by every Englishman. It is to be hoped that in the Northern States of America a corresponding feeling will prevail.

By the capture of Beaufort, the summer resort of Carolinian planters, the United States' Government have fully avenged the insult of Fort Sumter, In April the solo rebiaining starspangled
banner on South Carolinian Roil w55 ignominiously lowered. Its November the United States' flag has again been hoisted (here, while that of the Confederates trails in (lie dust. But the war, in its ever-expanding magnitude, has long since outgrown the puerile issue on which it was commenced. The passiocata resolve to redress an outrage inflicted on the Federal lag has long since deepened into a purpose of conquest. It would ha as chimerical to hope that this success would tend to placate the North as that the forcible opening of a Southern port ivifl lead to a renewal of the Southern trade with Europe.

This time, at least, the blow has fallen in the right place. Hitherto the border States-Maryland, Virginia (East and West), Kentucky, and Missouri-have alone felt the ravages which attend the shock of invading armies. Yet all these regions, except Eastern Virginia, are still in the Union. It has been the fate of the border Slave States to act as a sort of breakwater to the fury of the Northern storm behind which the revolutionary Gulf States dwelt in safety and comparative repose. Os the Northern frontier of Secessia was the " shell" with which the far South iiicased. its softer and more vital parts. All attempts to break through that shell by a front attack have hitherto failed. But the fleet has accomplished what the unaided army could not. South Carolina is the very heart and focus of the revolution, and the Isle of Anglesca of old was not more given up to Druidical worship than are the sea islands, on one of which the Federals are encamped, consecrated to slave-grown products. Negroes, rice, and the finest sorts of cotton-these are the pride and glory of Beaufort county, situated midway between Charleston and Savaunah, the two principal southern ports on the Atlantic coast. Full five-sixths of the population of Beaufort county are slaves.

 The angry North has at last condescended to carry the war into "Africa." In the border Slave States, where slavery is not of vigorous growth, the Administration and every General, except the deposed Fremont, have been sedulous to deprive the war of an anti

-slavery character. But in this thickly-settled region, where slavery flourishes rankly, the Northern army of occupation must, in the very nature of things, and in spite even of the ingrained prejudices of the men composing it, become an instrument of emancipation. Already the telegraph tolls us " Large numbers of negroes came into the Federal camp." These late chattels will not be restored to their owners. The Federal Government, which, in the border States, iestores fugitives to "loyal" owners, rightly conjectures -are no loyal proprietors in South Carolina, and at length allows its camp to he a gladsonie City of Refuge to all who may flock thither. The slaves of this region, removed by a whole heaven from Canada, had no hope of escape from thraldom but death. A host of men from the North, contending for empire and a flag, but stung by the repulses at Bull Run and Ball's Bluff, suddenly appear in the midst of the negroes, consent to abandon their practite of slave-catching, and fastidiously resign them. selvs to the inevitable consequence that a chance of freedom will thereby be opened to a more or less numerous hand of a downtrodden race. Had the midsummer cry of "Forward to Richmond I" availed we should never have heard of this autumnal invasion of the South Carolina coast. Adversity has taught the North to conquer one poor iota of her prejudices. It is this aspect of the camp at Beaufort which will give it an interest in the e es of the onlooking world superior to that attaching to to Fortress Monroe, Hatteras Inlet, and Fort Piekens.

The second success of the fleet will be highly welcome to the Administration and the Commanderin-Chief, for two reasonsone political and one military. The Northern people had ag sin grown impatient at the inaction or disasters of the two armies on the Lower and Upper Potomac. They demanded a vict ny, and demanded it in vain. General M'Cldllan obstinately inculcated "patience," that virtue so difficult for an excited Demo. eracy to observe. The universal feeling wag," Something must be done we want some equivalent for our money and other sacrifices." Popular enthusiasm threatened to flag, the subscriptions to the natioiusl loan fell off, and murmurs against the Administration be.-an to make themselves heard. The achievements of the fleet will calm this dangerous mood of the public mind and give the Commander-in-Chief a few more weeks to mature his plans. In a military point of view, the 15,000 men at Beaufort will operate as an invaluable diversion of the enemy's forces. The invaders are within sixteen miles' distance of the Charleston and Savannah Railroad, whose wooden bridges and.
Charleston and Savannah Railroad, whose wooden bridges and trestle-work are easily destructible, and whose iron tires if once thrown into the river cannot now be replaced. The Con. federates have to make head against a force of, say, :o,ooo Federals pressing upon them on a line of lOO miles, stretching from the Atlantic to the Missouri. Up to the present time they have done so with a fair amount of 'success. But can the Confederate Generals create new armies to watch every body of men whom the Federal fleet may throw upon their almost undefended coast? Or can they detach a sufficient number of men from the frontier without leaving the road to Richmond, Nashville, and Memphis open to their foes? It is evident that General Scott, for one, does not so believe, for his last words to time New Yorkers were, that by April or May next the rebellion" would be surely crushed.

If the South still preserves the advantage of greater earnestness and singleness of purpose, the superior financial strength of the North begins to tell. The appeal of the planters to the Confederate Secretary of the Treasury and the 'reply thereto are signs that the South is "shortwinded" in this respect. Doubtless this difficulty would vanish if the South could make sale of her cotton, rice, and tobacco; but here the Federal fleet sails in and pitilessly relegates the South to her native resources. The Federal Government is well supported by the banks of the three chief cities of the North, and the people relieve the banks of the sevenand-three-tenths per cent Treasury notes nearly, but not quite,

o last M they ire issued. Northern patriotism, as expressed Ia
'the readiness to take the Government loan, has by no means equalled the superabundant enthusiasm we are accustomed to witness in France on similar occaions, bat seems to have exceeded the lagging offerings of the Italians for their late loan. American national sentiment, valued in dollars, stands midway between that of France and Italy. The immense quantities of grain and flour which the North has all this year been selling to British and French purchasers keep the exchange in favour of the Americans, and enable their banks, in spite of the stoppage of the usual export from the South, to retain the specie in their vaults. Thus confidence is maintained; the banks have not suspended specie payments and, notwithstanding Mr. Seward's uncalled-for and reckless circulars, Government and railroad stocks of loyal States are higher now than they have been since the Presidential election.

In the mean time, among the mountains of Western Virginia a revolutionary movement has been progressing which is judepetidcnl, to some extent, of both North and South. The people of thirtynine contiguous counties of the trans-Allegheny section of Virginia, occupying an area about twice the size cC Wales, and numbering 282,000, of whom only 9000 are slaves, have declared their independence of the State of Virginia, and, organised themselves, with great unanimity, into a new slate, called Kanawhia, from the river of that name, which traverses it. Although the Kanawhans occupy a territory of giant value to the United States, and although the region has been liberated from Confederate armies by MCle1lais and flosencranz, yet this demonstration meets with no favour from the Federal Government, which cannot now afford to countenance We right of revolution, even when it is made in behalf of lIe Union and the old flag. Separated as these People are from Eastern Virginia by physical barriers similar to those which divide Savoy from Italy, and united to the adjacent free-labour

RI

ates by similar pursuits and moral and political sympathies, it is very improbable, come what may, that the old territorial arrangements will ever be restored. But the incident furnishes ,another proof that the air of America was charged with revolution, and that the time was ripe for a recombination .of the heterogeneous lcments of which the United States for the last forty years have been composed.


{Vol. 39 Issue 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 541}

It appears from the report of the Post maiter4encral that. Cotipti! the (oveul1me subity with the nitittbr of lcttora, each letter foiwerdcd to America ii I) ah ly packet lnvoivcd a lo of abaut six shillings.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1119 11-30-1861 Pg. 541}

FORT MONTGOMERY.

Mecu interest is felt in the recent determination of the Federal Government to fortify its coast, lake, and frontier line,, as conveyed in Mr. Seward's instructions of the 14th of October. The Amemican Government, however, have for some time past been repairing and enlarging the system of fortifications on the Canadian frontier. One of the strongest of the enlarged works is Fort Montgomery, at Rowse's Point, at the head of Lake Champlain. This fort has been nicknamed Fort Blunder, because erected upon British soil, afterwards given up, under treaty, to the United States. The fort has been considerably eilarged,and is now nearly completed. It will mount sixty-five

guns in position, and twenty-five en barhette. It is protected on the land side by a moat and rampart of earth; and, on the whole, it is a very formidable work. Rowse's Point is about thirtyeight miles from Montreal, and upon the mail! line of railway communication between Boston, New York, and Canada. Lake Champlain, which lies between the States of New York and Vermont, extending for four miles into Lower Canada, is 105 miles in length, north to south, its breadth 'varying from ten miles to half a mile. It contains numerous islands, receives several rivers, and discharges its superfluous wders by the Richelieu river into the St. Lumwr,nce. This lake was the centre of

I many important military operations during the revolutionary war, and now forms an important medium of commerce.
