THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS
VOLUME 39

{Vol. 39 issue 1121 12-14-1861 Pg. 593}

<div2>
<head> THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.</head>
      <bibl> 
        <title>The Illustrated London News</title> 
           <biblScope type="volume">vol. 39</biblScope> 
           <biblScope type="issue">no. 1121</biblScope> 
           <biblScope type="pages">p. 593</biblScope> 
           <date value="1861-12-14">December 14, 1861</date>
	</bibl>


<p>By the arrival of the screw-steamer Etna we have received New York journals of the 30th ult.</p>

<p rend="center">THE OUTRAGE ON THE TRENT.</p>

<p>The journals of New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, as a general rule, speak much more hesitatingly of the legality of Captain Wilks's act than they did a week previously. They condescend to contemplate the possibility of reclamations on the part of Great Britain, and of yielding thereto. The <hi rend="italic">Tribune</hi> says:-" If the British Government can be induced for the sake of reclaiming them" (Messrs. Mason and Slidell) "to take the highest American ground in favour of neutral maritime rights, we shall have sold them for a great deal more than they are worth." The <hi rend="italic">World</hi> acknowledges that the Northerners have hitherto been unjust to the British Government in complaining that it recognised the South as a belligerent Power. The President must soon take the same position.</p>

<p>It has transpired that no dispatches have been found in the trunks of the Ambassadors. The <hi rend="italics">New York Times</hi> remarks upon this unwelcome discovery :- "In that case the <hi rend="italic">letter</hi> of much of the reasoning employed in justification of the act of Captain Wilks may become nugatory."</p>

<p>The lawyers have begun to suspect that the Laurens and other cases have been misrepresented by Messrs. George Sumner and Everett, while the moneyed men still refuse to accept the assurances of the journals that it was "all right." It was feared, however, that the news of the turning of the Harvey Birch by the Nashville would again inflame the minds of the people against England.</p>

<p rend="center">CAPTAIN WILKS' RECEPTION IN BOSTON.</p>

<p>The Bostonians, usually so much more friendly than the New Yorkers, have on this occasion not acted in a manner worthy of their well-earned reputation. A public banquet at the Revere House was got up for the hero of the hour, and nothing could exceed the bad taste of the Massachusetts speakers (among whom were Judges Bigelow and Russell, Governor Andrew, and Mayor Rice), whether their insolent bombast was levelled at their two unfortunate captives or at the Government and people of a friendly nation.</p>

<p rend="center">BELLIGERENT OPERATIONS ON LAND AND SEA.</p>

<p>The Federals had taken possession of the island of Tybee, at the mouth of the Savannah River. The people of that city were flying panicstruck into the interior. The Confederates had blocked up the inlet leading to Savannah.</p>

<p>The Federals at Hilton Island found the place vary unhealthy, and were suffering much from fever and ague and congestive fever. All the teamsters and camp-followers were leaving for the North. The Federals have also occupied a post on St. Helena Sound, fifteen miles north of Port Royal.</p>

<p>On the 19th ult. Colonel Brown opened fire from Fort Pickens on Pensacola, Florida. On the 24th the fight was still going on, we know not certainly with what result. The Southerners admit that the Navyyard was destroyed, with all its stores; that Pensacola had been evacuated; and that General Bragg had called for reinforcements. On the other hand, they claim to have driven off five vessels of war, to have riddled the Niagara with balls, and thoroughly disabled the Colorado. This is the Southern account; it will probably be another week before the Northern report reaches us.</p>

<p>The armies of the Potomac and the Upper Potomac were engaged in hutting themselves. It is still, however, strenuously denied that they are going into winter quarters.</p>

<p>The largest body of men ever reviewed on the American continent was passed in review by General M'Clellan, at Washington, on the 20th of November. The troops consisted of seventy-six regiments of infantry, seven of cavalry, and seventeen batteries, in all about 70,000 men.</p>

<p>Commerce in Missouri below St. Louis will be conducted by the Federal Government only.</p>

<p>The Fingal had run into Charleston with her valuable and timely cargo. On the other hand, the Federal ships have captured several vessels laden with contraband of war.</p>

<p rend="center">THE POLICY OF EMANCIPATION.</p>

<p>On this question Secretary Smith, a member of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, has expressed himself to the effect that the views of Mr. Cameron were not those of the Administration.</p>

<p rend="Center">THE CONFEDERATE STATES.</p>

<p>Congress had passed a resolution for removing the seat of Government from Richmond to Nashville, Tennessee. Perhaps one reason for this step is the destruction of the costly bridges on the Virginia and Tenneessee Railroad, which imperils the connection between Richmond and the South-western States.</p>

<p>The Union men of North Carolina formally established a provisional State Government at Hatteras inlet on the 18th ult.</p>

<p>A portion of the people of Kentucky and Missouri have passed Secessionn ordinances.</p>

<p rend="center">PRESIDENT DAVIS'S MESSAGE.</p>

<p>President Davis congratulates Congress on the progress of domestic manufactures among them. He speaks moderately of the great deeds of the Confederate army and of the high spirit of patriotism with which they are animated. He says:-
<p>A succession of glorious victories at Bethel, Bull Run, Manassas, Springfield Lexington, Leesburg, and Belmont, has checked the wicked invasion which greed of gain and the unhallowed lust of power brought upon our soil, and has proved that numbers cease to avail when directed against a people fighting for the sacred right of self-government and the privileges of freemen. After seven months of war the enemy have not only failed to extend their occupancy of our soil, but new States and territories have been added to our confederacy; while, instead of their threatened march of unchecked conquest, they have been driven at more than one point to assume the defensive, and, upon a fair comparison between the two belligerents as to men, military means, and fiancial condition the Confederate States are relatively much stronger now than when the struggle commenced.</p>

<p>After referring to the occurrences in Kentucky and Missouri, and, acknowleging that the postal service was entirely disarranged, he puts as good a face as possible on the condition of the Confederate treasury, which, however, is evidently driven to the extremity of issuing baseless promises to pay. By constructing forty miles of railroad between Danville in Virginia, and Queensborough, in North Carolina, a third through line of communication could be opened from North to South. He urgently advises Congress to give aid to the company organised for its construction and administration. He scoffs at the very idea of reconstructing the Union. "Our people now look with contemptuous astonishment on those with whom they have been so recently associated. They shrink with aversion from the bare idea of renewing such a connection :"-</p>
<p>When they see a President making war without the assent of Pssgrcsovnlnen they behold Jsnlges threatened because they tniril,italii the ci nt of let!nsns corpus, so sacred to freemenwhen they see justice nod law trampled tinder tine nestn•d heel of military authority, send nnpeiglnt insist and Innocent wonnein dragged to distant tlningcons-wheo they Sun! nil this l,olermntenl aims! aptslnude'l by a )eople who hail been in the full einjoytnnent of Iremlomns but a few mouths ago,' they believe that liners must be sonic radical incompatibility lnotsvesn such a people stint tlseintclves. With such a people eve musty be cootenst to live nit psa, bitt the separation is final, and for the imndepcnnleisce we have susertsd sea wilt accept no alternative.

After denouncing the barbarous manner in which the United States have conducted the war, lie accuses them of deeming to excite a servile war by the invasion of South Carolina, and warns them that in such a war they would forfeit all claims to be considered as prisoners of war. Of tIn seizsti'c of Messrs. Mason and Shidell lie says,

Time U silted Slates have thus elnnissed it gems-rot jurisdiction over the high sese, and, entering a British ship, sailing under its country's lutz, violates! the rights of cunisasse, for the most part b, Id sacrn'nl, even luissnig bmsrbarinnise, ny

-elzisg our Ministers whilst under the protection and within the doninniono of

in neutral nation.

These gentlemen were as much tinder the jurisdiction of th's BritIsh Cavern.

Molt ipso that ship and beneath that hug as if they had been On its soil, and

 a ,h,nhins oil the pest of the I) muon! Stats n to snice thtn'nnt in the struts (if Lnnnnlon mould have menu ins %% ell founule,l as that to apprehend thne,nt whore they were inuhinit. Had they been nualefactorn, and citizens even of the ilnitesi States. they could not have been am-rooted on a hinitlsin still) or on l3ittlnh soil unless tinder line "sen-sn provisions of ii irens v nuns.! nn'-n'ornilng to the forms therein provided for the extradition of eriinhmnsLn. IJut rights the snot suies'nnI Sean to less lost all respect in their eyes.

The close of Mr. T)avis's Message is evidently levelled rather at Great

Britain and France than at the body lie professes to be addressing. On the subjects of the blockade and time growth of cotton lie says

Perhaps we had time right, if see had chosefl to eacrcise it, to ask to know



whether the pci iiipie, that blockades to be bimmmhhng ,mmim5t be elicit mih, solemnly smmnsmimirit hy time mlremit lowers hurdle at Paris, is to be generally cliforcii'l or OpIhicit Silly to particular cases.

Whim mm the Confederate States, tit your lost session, became a party to the fedora tio,m mwiihmimmilig this ptiumcl1ile of iimtermmuthoimal law, ov'mh'hm 1mm tiiia meeogmii'eh so hang my pililicists iii II overniimemits, we ccrtahmmly smpposomh ft was to Ii' mmmi iVermhly emiforel. The cmstoimmam'y law of meatlomis is mmmx to imp of their Practice u,mhhief thimmm their iheelmirimtiose, mmml if such mhcciormetioums am icily to be enforced iii particular iimstnce at time pleasure of those wIts mmmmke them, then the commerce of this writ, so fur from hieing Placed under a gemmei'isl lame, will laconic subject to the Cili)i fin of those who execute it 51 simpimI it at will. If such is to be time coins of nations fit regard to this law, it is phimhm'm that it will thins become a nib for the weak and not for this strong.

 Feeling that .such views mast be taken by the mmcmtrot nations of the earth,

I have caused the evidence to is' collected winch proves comp h'tihy the utter inulhhei,uumy oft the proclaimed tiisui1auhe OF our coast, and shall (tire,;, it to be laid stoic such (I sveriimimemml a a dial I mm but its this meamm.s of being hush.

But, although eve should be bemielitted by this enforcement of this law, so soiemnmmly mhicluurcd by 11w great lowers of Europe, we are not depc,muhemmt omo

that enforcement for this succesof iii prosecution of this war. As bug as hostili-ties continue the Confederate States will exhibit a steadily immcrelm-ing capacity to fmmeiiiehm their troops with loot, clothing, and arms. If they shmmiuil Us tomcat to forego many of the luxuries and sonic of this comfort-'. of life, tIny will at lea,, have this eumismulutisum of knowing that they mmcc thom daily becoming more amid more independent of the red of tIme world. If, in thus precee, labour fit time Confederate States should be gradually diverted, from those great Southern staples which have given life to so much of time commerce of mankind Into other channels, so as to inatco them rival prouhuers instead of profitable customers, they will not tO time only or even thu duel hssm'r; by this change iii this direction 01 their iumihimot ry.

Although it is tree that the cotton sumhmhiiy from time Southern kkatos could only bum totally cut oil by time subversion of our social ay.steiim, yet it Is plain that a lot,,, continuance of this l,lockummhe might, by a diversimm of habammr and investment, of capital I,, oilier emumphoymnonta, so diminilli the supply as to bring rmmiim milieu all those immtcmcot,m of forelgii countries which are dependent on that staple.

 For every labourer who is diverted from time culture of cotton in time South,, perhaps four I mimes time number elosm,vhmere, ivhi bums! sumbsistummmeum iii the vumrioss en uimloymmiemits growing out of Its us 2, will be forced also to ,mlmiuige Choir

occupations.

'while time war which is waged to take from no the right of self-government can never attain that end, it remains to be seen how far it may work a recoInthou in the'immdumotriah system of the world, which may carry suffering to other lands as well as to our own.

CANADA.

On time San Jaeinto outrage the Gsebec Chronicle, the Montreal

A drerlioer, ,Iomii'imiml, llem'alil, and Gaaehle, the Toronto Climbs and lleralul, and the JlammiWomm Spectator declare themselves in a sense hostile to the United States. It is said that there are only two Canadian newspapers which dissent from the general view.

Both thin Imuperial authorities and the people are preparing for the worst. The former have commenced time erection of new forte at Toronto, the latter are filling up the tanks of their volunteer regiments, anti cmmgerhy learning the rudiments of a soldier's profession.

Since the Canadian line of European Steamers have begun to start from the United States' port of Portland the passport system, inaugurated by Mr. Sewmsrtl, is very troublesome to Canadian travellers. As no one but time Secretary of State is anthorhscd to issue l,asslsonts, much delay ensues, and many travellers have been forced to remain over for a week with or without their baggage. This conduct on time part of Mr. Seward causes much Imcariburiming among the people who dwell on the north bank of the St. Lawrence.

Lord Monek was sworn in as Governor-6 aneral of Canada on the 28th silt.

Time war in America has hitherto brought many advantages to the industrial interests of Canada. For the first tiiioii in history time St. Lawrence route has enjoyed a considerable share of the export trade of the Western States. As a consequence, Montreal has risen to b the second American seaport in the grain and provision business. The canal-boats, warehouses, and elevators on the St. Liwremmce line are unable to I raneact time business which has so suddenly poured in upon thorn. Canadian imports from Iumrope have increased, while those of time United States have fallen off more than fifty per ccitt. The number of immigrants from Europe have increased from 9451 last year to 19,461 this year. Time increase of immigrhnt from both Northern and Sontlmerms States is in still larger proportion. These American immigrants have established in Canada many small mannfactories. Probably, at least 0,000 smile have been added to the hioptilatiOn of the province by immigration in 1861,

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1121 12-14-1861 PG. 593}

THE NORTH AMERICAN FRONTIER,

THE latest intelligence from time United States, although not quite so unsatisfactory astlmmmt imrcviommsly received, still leaves u,tromig grounds for apprehension. There is no diseoising time fact that most of the leading jomea-nals, and puislic opinion in that coimntrygcnerahI)r, are against yielding to any demands that may be made by her Majesty's Government to restore the citizens of the Confederate States recently taken by fom'cc lions the deck of a West India mailpmmcket carrying the Emighishi lisp. Looking, at fit(,, smune timmmme, to time opinion and temper of the English people tmpomm this subject, we see such sufficient cause for alarm that our attention is immediately drawn towards the position of time llrittshm colonies in North America, and particularly to the boundary line this

separates them from the United States.

It would be smocless now to discuss time question as to how the frontier hue of Canada and New Brunswick has become what it is, or whether it might not have been, by more judicious management, better than we now hind it; but it is certain that the boundary line of time States of Maine and New York does so cut into the British territory that United States' as'miciu may encamp within exceedingly short dLstanes of our principal cities and yet be on their own soil.

Ntwfoimumdlameul being all island, and Nova Scotia nearly one, we may safely cmmiculate on our naval supremacy ensuring them p.otectiusmm from molestation; but with the important province of New Brunswick, the Canadao, and the British North-west Territory, our position is by no means so satisfactory, as in many instances in these latter provinces there is no physical boundary whatever, the British possessions and those of the United States being separated by little more than an imaginary line. 'limo trees have been cut down where it passes through time wilderness, and a few stones have been set up at long distances apart, and that is the only division that marks the territories of two peoples who, though coming of a common stock, spualcing the same language, and worshipping God in the same manner, yet are intent otulv oil dome cache other time largest possible amount of
A sneceesion of gloslous victories at Bethel, Bull Run, Manasoa,Springflehl Lesisgion, Lccrburg, and Belmont, has checked the wicked invasion which greed of gain and the unhallowed lust of power brought upon our sail, ansi has proved that numbers cease to avail when directed against a people lighting for the sacred right of selhgovernatetit and the privileges of freation. After seven months 01 war the enemy have not only failed to extent! their occupancy of our soil, hilt new States and territories have been added to our confederacy; while, instead of their threatened march of unchecked conquest, they have been driven at more than one point to assume the defensive, and, upon a fair censparisoit between the two belligerents as to men, military mcmi's, and financial condition the Confederate States are relatively much stronger now than when the struggle commenced.



Newfoundland being an island, and Nova Scotia nearly one, we may safely calculate on our naval supremacy ensuring them pt'otcctiou from molestation; but with the important province of New Brunswick, the Canadas, mid the British North-west Territory, our position is by no means so satisfactory, as in many instances in these latter provinces there is no physical boundary whatever, the British possessions and those of the United States being separated by little more than an imaginary line. The trees have been cut down whore it passes through the wilderness, and a few stones have been set tip at long distances apart, and that is the only division that marks the territories of two peoples who, though coming of a common stock, speaking the same language, and worshipping God in the same manner, yet are intent only on doing each other the largest possible amount of mischief. There i5 yet hope that it may not be so, but the threatening aspect of affairs compels its to look narrowly at our position on the frontier.

The city of Quebec, our great stronghold in North America, is only sixty miles from the United States' territory; and River de Loimp, the eastern terminus of the Grand Trunk Railway of Canada, and of the Cananhian sytem of railways generally, although 1-20 miles hover clown the St. Lawrence, is within thinly wile,; of the international boitudary line.

Montreal, the capital of the Canadas, is only forty-four miles by railway from iteemee's Point at time lie-ad of Lake Champlain-a point where the States of New York and Vermont meet. Several of the United States' railways focus to this place, and it will becomnu an important position should war break out: it was so in 181-I, a great battle baing fought in thiL neighbourhood, th victory being laiuienI by tb-a Americans.

Front Rouse's Point for neatly 300 miles eastward are what are cillel the eastern tosvnslmi1se of Canada-districts containing mommy important towns and much cleared and cultivated land ; these abut upasi the States of Vermont, New Hampshire, and Memo, without any market] physical bonn dnnry, the St. Lawrence lying on their iso:lhtei-nt or western edge. West cf Monntremtl, nearly opposite tise Canadian to en of Carnwahl, the boundary line of the Unites! States hits the St. Lawrenco, and the river then separates thenit from Canada until it receives its waters at tint outlet front, Lake t)ntai'io, many goon1 towns lying on each side of it. On the Canadian banks the principal are Cornwall, Morri&sarg, Prctscott, and liismgoton ; on time United States' imido the ie'lsicipttl town is t,, exactly ol)l)o:iitc Proncott.  These latter ,Lee large antl

I-'tln placui, situated pretty much as Gravesend and Tilbury Feet

inip t l1bl"

are; both are important railway termini. PrscoEt is tlt point of junction of the Giant] Trunk ltnsil'say with the line to Ollttnvit, this intended seat of the Government of Canada; while Ogdssnsbiirg is cons. necteni by eailway with Rouse's Point to the eastward and with th

New York Central Railway to the soemthsward and wntstsvarnl. King-st tn, in Canada, is sitsssted at the point -;here Lake Otarisi pa-Ins itt waters into the St. Lawrense through a thousand chaienoh
formed by a number of beautiful islands. Kingston is a for. tilled place, and adjoins Port henry, a military position seren-J only in importance to Quebec. Fort Henry is built on the site of the old French Fort Frontenac. In a war with the United States this place would become most important as a dcpt for troops, as well as a naval station, where craft would ha built to act upon Lake Ontario and the upper waters of the St. Lawrence. On the north siiore of Lake Ontario is situated the large, rich, and flourishing city of Toronto, the capital of Western Canada. It is built clo upon the water's edge, is utterly unprotected by art, but nature his done much for it. It is a peculiar characteristic of Lake Ontario to have formed in particular situations long banks of sand and shingle, lee ihly called beaches. At a considerable distance from the shore, in front of the city, is a long narrow bank of this description, upon which batteries could be formed with rapidity, that would effectually protecttluu important city from all attacks on the lake side, while direct railway communication with Fort Henry would secure it landwards. Toronto, therefore, though apparently so exposed, may be safely expected to take care of itself when the time arrives for its doing so. At the western end of Lake Ontario is situated another large and important city, Hamilton, ar.rl protected from all attacks from the lake by a beach i,nil ir to that which lies in front of Toronto. A single vessel sunk in the canal which connects the waters of Burlington Bay (on the south shore of which Hamilton is situated) with those of Lake Ontario render it impossible for any vessel to approach within three or four miles of Hamilton. Its dangers, therefore, must be sought for in the oppsit

direction.

On the south shore of Lake Ontario there are situated several ianportant United States' towns ; and between the mouth of the Niagara

 liver and the point where the lake becomes the River St. Lawrence are no lees than six railway termini to lines which are connected with the New York central line. In the Gencseo, at O3wcgo, and Sicieett's harbour, in the event of hostilities, armaments would h fitted oat to operate upon the opposite shore, in which case Lake Ontario would again become the scene of remarkable naval exploits. Aros the lake, nearly opposite to Toronto, and within sight of it on a line day, upon a high hill, stands the monument recently erected to General Brock, who fell there, after having gained a victory over the American troops.

The international boundary line, having passed up the centre of Like Ontario to opposite this point, turns suddenly inwards and then follow., the centre of the deep river which enters the lake here, pouring out in one unbroken mass the accumulated surplus waters of the great Lacs Erie, Huron, Michigan, and Superior, white and foamy after the great leap they have made at Niagara, only a few miles higher up the stream. 'file Niagara River is a secure barrier for either nation. It may be crossed at its mouth, it is true, but not with impunity if an enemy Occupied the precipitous hills on either side. At the foot of the Great Falls it may also be crossed, but a thousand men having done so could not land if fifty occupying the heights chose to prevent them. A magnificent bridge spans the terrible rush of waters down the gorge of the Niagara- a triumph of engineering skill which the arts of peace have produced, and which, doubtless, the art of war will destroy.

Above the Falls of Niagara the boundary line keeps the cotitre of the stream until it enters Lake Erie. The north shore of this lake is British, and centains some of the best districts of Western Canada. On the American side is the large city of Bullalo; also, Dunkirk, Erie, Cleveland, and Sandusky, the whole of which are railway tersuci.

The international boundary line is up the centre of Like Erie and through the River St. Clair and Lake St. Clair into Like Huron. Between Lakes Huron and Erie the United States and British territory is divided oily by me fine navigable river, much like the Thames at. Erith; the large American city of Detroit is situated on its west bank and the Canadian town of Windsor opposite to it. The latter is the western terminus of the Great Western Railway of Canada; the former the focus of a system of railways. Prom the uppar end of the River St. Clair, the boundary line divides equally the waters of Lake Huron, and enters Lake Superior through the St. Marie. The larger portion of this lake belongs to the Americans. From its northern shore the line follows the direction of the water communications until it reaches the parallel of 49° north latitude, along which it is continued across the Rocky Mountains until it reaches the Pacific Ocean.

On the north side of the forty-ninth parallel of latitude, adjoining the State of Minnesota, there exists a very valuable country known as the North-west Territory. Although in the occupation of the Hudson Bay Company, it is a tract of exceedingly line land, and contains some settlements known as the Red River or Selkirk settlements. This is

,-t far-oil, outlying property of the British Crown, exceedingly valuable to us, and much coveted by the United States, it has been sadly

neglected by its owners, and we may soon find it the most difficult to protect.
ornrnan(1er Williams, RN., the Admira ly agent of the Trent,

lids rcccvcl a letter from the aovcrnment approving of his conduct



{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1121 12-14-1861 PG. 594}

CAPTAIN JAMES MOIR,

CAPTAIN JAMSS MOIR, commander of the Royal Mail Steam-packet Company's ship Trent now engaged in the in tercolonial service in the West Indies, is about forty years of age, a native of Scotland, and his family residence is at Somerville, Haddington. The earlier part of his seagoing life was spent in the East India service, where ultimately he commanded one of the finest vessels trading between this company and the East Indies. Subsequently he joined the West India mail Fervico as a junior officer, and at the time of the Russian War he was chief officer of the Royal mail steam-packet Orinoco when that

vessel was engaged in towing the disabled men-of-war from the thickest of the light. Soon after the war he was appointed commander of the Royal mail steam-packet Teviot, then to the Conway, and finally to the Trent, which lie now commands. On several occasions he has had to take the command of the Atrato and La Plata in the Transatlantic service, and the passengers by those, as well as the intercolonial ships whichho has commanded, cannot fail to remember the strict attention paid to their comfort, the scrupulous neatness and cleanliness of the ship, the excellent discipline of the crew, and courteous and gentlemanlike demeanour of the Captain, of whom the worst that can be said is, that he is a good officer and a thorough gentleman.

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1121 12-14-1861 PG. 596}

LONDON, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14,1861.

ALTHOUGH a -certain and computed timè must elapse before the answer from America shall determine whether bells or cannon will be the fittest ushers to announce the New Year, it is impossible to obtain much serious attention for any other subject. The candidate addressing the crowd, the senator giving in his accounts to his constituents, even the ex-Minister casually complimenting volunteers, at once fix on the American difliculty and submit their hopes or their solutions. Meantime journalists can but speculate and express the united feeling of the nation that we must uphold the honour of the English lag, but that we trust the good sense of the respectable classes in America will dominate over the passionate mob and spare us the terrible necessity of striking a blow. From the French papers we cull little save the expression of French opinion upon the outrage for which we have demanded redress, and it is satis, factory to see that the logical minds of the Parisian journalists, when permitted fair play, at once lead them to the conclusion that England had but one course open to her.
Deeply interesting as would be at any other time the debates in the Italian Parliament and the situation of Baron Ilicasoli and his Ministry, the fiery elegance or languid pedantry of tit speakers is little heeded, nor canmuch indignation be spared for the atrocious cruelties which, if accounts be true, are bin perpetrated upon the unfortunate Poles, in punishment far their recent demonstrations of love of country. All this negligence of all but one subject should be noted across the Atlantic, for it is a grim proof how thoroughly England-once arousedshows herself in earnest.


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1121 12-14-1861 PG. 608}

NAVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE.

REINFORCEMENTS FOR CANADA.

In consequence of the possibility of a rupture between this country and the rederol States of Not th America the war aiutlisiitice have excited t.hcsnselvcs with extraordinary vigour to solid reinforcements proiiiptiy to Canada. 'rho Globe tells us that by to-day (Saturday) 2200 additional troops will be on their way to Canada. This will bring up the strength of the regular forces In the colony to between 7000 and 0110, and we have it home a reserve which, if the necessity should be forced upon us, would enable up to bring 30,000 highlydisciplined men at once into the field. At all the dock-yards the greatest activity prevails lit getting ships of war ready for sea-the number destined for service on the Meet India and North American station being roughly estimated at about sixty.

Yesterday week the officers, non-comnsiosione,l officers, gunners, and drivers, comprising Captain Vcsey'e li battery of the 4th brigade Royal Field Artillery, assembled on parade at Woolwich, and after inspection proceeded in marching

Arsenal, for embarkation on board the screw stcatn-vessel Melbourne, for Canada. The streets in the tine of march were crowded with spectators, and the force, which was preceded by the full band of the regiment and numerous field oflicere, was repeatedly cheered by the public, And especially on entering the main gate of the Royal Arsenal, where a multitude litsi assembled. The force immediately embarked from the Royal Arsenal jetty nit hoard the Melbourne, which Itassluppeilduring ).lieweok the following amount of war stores-viz., two complete batteries of Armstrong guns, several howitzers, 30,000 stand of urine and accoutrements, '2.0)0,000 rounds of Mini(' title halls and sinallarma ammunition, 1.)00 rounds of Armstrong-gun Ammunition, cartridges, &c. She also takes out military clothing and a quantity of stores peculiarly adapted for Canada, including a number of snow-sleighis, winch the wheelers a,i,h carpenters of the Royal cartinge slepartasea t were working lay and night to mmtmtnufacturii during the week. The lllehhsurssi Was mntder orders to sail fit the oveisimmig, but an order was received to increase by a large imsinls'r the supply of

 lelghsu for the traiioj,ort of guns, &c., and an Additional ntttmmlosr of workimmemi were comssiitms-nily employed during the night. 'rio embarkation scene is depicted on p5110 007, and on page 1112 we give an Engraving of one of the sleighs for the transport of guns. The Melbourne sailed on Saturday at half-past two p.m. The long and spacious platform of the Royal Arsenal Pier was tlmromsged daring the process of getting under way by officers of the garrison and their families. As soon as the ship had veered round from her moorings and was fairly on her course the spectators gave a hearty '' God speed I'' which was immediately followed by the waving of calls and handkerchiefs amid ohsotits of applause. The shouts then commenced on board, and were repeatedly heard when the Melbourne was far down the Thanmes, testifying in a perfectly unmistakable manner to the feelings of the troops. Besides the ordinary warm clothing which was sort out in the Melbourne, each man will be provided with the following articles :-A far (.sealskin) cap, two flannel waistcoats, a pair of fist gloves, six pair of Canada mote, two pair of woollen stockings, a comforter, And a chamois leather jacket. Sonic 0)00 mocclt-imis and snowshoes will Also be sent as soon as they can be procured. The 30,1)00 Enfseld rules conveyed by the Melbourne are imiteuled for the Canadian militia. This excellent force, numbering now some 30,1)00, and callable of being Increased to 200,000, was organised during the Crimmms-an War. The volunteer movement has aloe taken deep root in Canada, all([, as almost every village contains an old military officer, their drilling and organisation have bees I well looked aftor.

Other ships will speedily follow the Melbourne with similar freights. In sdditi,sn to the Persia ussl Anatratasion, each of which will take out about 1200 men, the Governtmtent have decided upon charts-ring six large steamers for the purpose of carrying troops and stores to Jamaica, Bernsu,la, and Halifax. The Persia, and Australsisia:m are being rapidly fitted for the conveyance of troops, stores, amid Amman ition, and it to expected they will be rosily to sail about the I itli or 15th inst. Each of them is to carry ilot a complement of 111)0 soldiers, 0000 stand of arms, And too tons of stores. Besides these each is to take out a field battery and a large quantity of atunsu.miitiomm.

 It has been cletornilned to sent] out a considerable ninnber of ison-eouimisoiomsel officers to assist in the organization of the Canadian militia-cach regiment at Ahdershott having been called to furnish three volunteers for this ditty. It is stated that in some regiments as many as thirty sergeants have volunteered.

Colonel Napier, Deputy Quartermaster-General in Canada, is placed on the Staff in that colony, with this rank of Major-General. lie is succeed

Deputy QuirLermmsaster'Genera1 by Colonel Mackenzie, CD., who was em, the

China Staff. Colonel Lysona will be the Adjutant-General of Militia for the colony.

On Sunday week a large number of mechanics and labourers were employed at the Tower of London in packing firearms and every kind of article which is required for active service. Another order was received on Saturday last to prepare 25,0111) more rules, which were duly packed And cots. ve3ed in barges to this 0 overnniemst shil,5t at Woohseichm, where they were placed on board the several vessels which are about to deport for Canada. The large gunmakers at the east end of London are working night and day to execute large numbers of rifles, and each contractor has to supply a certain number daily, srlnch are tested at the proof house and then sent to the Tower for exportation.

On Monday the fleet battalion of the Grenadier Gsaesls were inspected at the Tower previous to their embarkation for Canada. This whole of the men have undergone medical examination, and those found imnflt for active service have been rejected.

By order of the Lords of this Admiralty, Commodore Nicolson, 'of H.Tmt.S. Fiogaril, the guardship for the port of London, has Issued notice that all uiemsibers of the Royal Navy temporarily borne on the books of this Fisgard from ships that have been paid off, amid who have been granted one mouth's leave of ah,semice, are to rejoin immediately. Similar orders have been sent to all the outpsrto, and all heave of Absence is for the present suspended in time Royal Navy. The entry of able and ordinary seamen for her Majesty's service is being vigorously prosecuted, and the Royal Nasal ltemmdeevous, Towerlull, which has been closed for some months, is to be reopened to receive men desirous of joining the service. From time returns recently made by Captain Drown, principal registrar of the Reserve of Naval Volunteers, it appears that the totsihl strength of the corps ic 7040 mn,n. 180 of the number hsnlihismg certillcatie of competency as nmater and unites, and 1000 being curnpotelit to act as petty officers-all of whom are ready for any casergemsey. - -

 Time total number of mmiemi Available ill our lineal reserve is estimated by the fTsulled &'rniee Gazette at 21,231. Time following is a detail of the several reserves on the lot instant:Coastgsmard on absipo' books for alters duty, 232 officers, 320/i mmirmi-30t8. Ships' crews, 227 officers, 1707 men, and 719 boys-2709. Tenders' crews, 107 officers, 574 men, And 166 boys-H47 ; mmmarimsco, 01)). Total, 7171. Gist reserve horse: 26 officers, 1108 men. Naval coat volunteers, 7760. Naval reserve force, 7110.

Orders have been received at vamhoila military stations in In-mud for completing the strength of sixty-nine reghinemits of the Line. Recruiting for that purpose will coimsismeumce immimneshlsirely.

Time Arsny and Aaes (Isles-/he says that we could quadruple time force now And about to his trader Admiral Mihmsc, on the North American station, without any Apparent effort. We could, besides heavy hinc-of-battle ships, frigates, corvettes, sloops, and gon.vcswls, spread over the esahmoarI of the Nsrths-rmm States no less than fifty Screw gums-boats, each armiieil with heavy Armstrsmigs (they are all ready), to be followed by another hatch of fifty, if the first required support. The total force winch we could place under Sir Alexander's orders wherewith he could esicit time half Would be, smsisposimmg the Mediterranean fleet fsmrmsishic5 its sismotu, eleven line-of-battle ships, nioismiting '375 guns, nmarsmted by '2001/ men Lets frigates, smsountimsg 447 guns, tmsanmmesi by 5150 men five heavy corvettes, moumstiisg 1)15 grins, imtamsneih hsy iIei) men

And Sevemiteemm slosisO amid smsisller vessels, mnosmmitimsg tog,thcr!o3 guns, manned by 1493 men making a grand total of 1527 guns, end 12,436 men. In addition to the men 'low mentioned, time Donegal, Conqueror, and Saneparehl have on hoard a battalion of marines iii the highest state of discipline.

The Globe of Wednesday has a biief ]eider to the following
The Globe of Wednesday has a biief leader to the following

e!ct :-Various oLotement, all more or 1eo inaccurate, having been made I repwting the reinforcements for the protection of our intoreeto in North America, it may be welt to mention the steps actually taken for that purpom.
The following roop have been orlerccl to Canada in the I'ersio,tho An trn1

asian, and the Melbourne, of which he Melbourne ho sailed -Two battalions of infantry of the Line, two batteries of lioll Artillery, one enunpony of loyal Engiurcere. And we u derstanri I hunt arrauigeuuidnts are brtnr mode for forwarding to British North America at once two luattirhlouso if (l earrh, fur battalions of infantry of the Line. three batteries of Fluid i til cry, tire batteries of Garrirouu Artillery, two battalions of Military Train, nun two cornpanics of Royal Engineers. The two battalions of the Guards eider eruhnre are the first battohlon of the Grenadier 0 norrIs, now at the Tower, and the .ocosd battalion beets Fusitirr (inards, at Wellington Barrorks. Tire Pill

hirigrurha arid lirot battalion of the l 6th are in course of euuuhrarliril ion, cruel the

following brttahiono are field in reanlinse-viz., the first of the 15th, tEtlu, and second of the 16th Regiments.
