THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS
VOLUME 39

{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 573}

LONDON, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1861.

Tis one topic of the day is the great question whether American democracy will permit American statesmanship to do right. No other subject has any claim to Present discussion ; for it is impossible to talk of social reforms, or other of the ordinary themes of the journalist, when England, making a stand for her honour, but in nowise irritated or unreasonable, awaits the tidings whether the New Year is to be inaugurated by the signal for war. At another time it might be interesting to hear that the Mexicans have resolved not to risk a struggle with the great Powers that have united to put down piracy arid ruftianisiit in Mexico, and to assert the rights of civilisation. We might be glad to know that there was a probability of these objects being effected without bloodshed, and we might urge upon the Governments to be In no hurry to believe in the value of promics extorted by fear, and which must be rendered valuable by material guarantees, and by the condign punishment of those who have been indulging for years in tyranny and robbery. But an expedition which excited sonic intereot a month ago may now sail almost unmarked, except that England casts a not unsatisfied glance at her own share in the ships, and is glad that they are sailing westward. The Indian news is far from uninteresting, but, except that we shall be glad to hear that the Indian cotton crop is likely to be quadrupled, we have not much attention for the Oriental Empire. On Christmas Day many of the gathered househobli of the country may he graver than is their wont at that season.

The mother looks on her son to-day With a I roiihlnl heart and c e, Anl the umailen'S brow bath a shade of oars Ilk! the leant of her golden hair

for news, like that of the Qerutan legend, that 11 the Wild
Huntsman liath gone 1y" and that war coming, may sadden the homes of England. Yet throughout the length and breadth f the land there 14 but one cry-We must up hohil the old flag.


{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 576}

Mr. Thomas H. Dudley has been approved as Consul a Liverpool for the United States of America.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 584}

SEIZURE OF CONFEDERATE COMMISSIONERS.

(inn, Number last week contained an account of the forcible seizure of

ieicu. Slide!] and Mason, Confederate Commissioners to France and Eugbnd, on board the Trent, by bodies of armed men from the United States' war-ship San Jacinto; and we now give, on the preceding page, an Engraving representing this violation of international law-which will be attended, it is to be feared, with the very gravest consequences. The purser of the mail-steamer Trent supplies the following narrative of the circumstances attending the boarding of that vessel by the Lieutenant nml men of the American sloop-of-war San Jncinto and ttte scii,ure of the Confederate Commissioners :

I hstes to forecer,1 some particulars of the grievous outrage committed to ui (Nov. C) ng.et the English hog by the United .State' sternn-sloop Son .Jocinto, Captain IV Oks. You have probably heard how, some three weeks ago, tt.o little steamer Theodore, having on board the coniiul~slotiers sent by tier Confederate' Stales of America to London aisl Paris, ran the blockade at Chartc' Ion, tn-ri n'leg ably in llavantiali. Once arrived they, of course, iniagiii'l that so neutral territor they were perfectly free andsafe from all moo. leototton, sal therefore made no attempt to conceal their nainea, position, and telen ii tuseunel its, Mr. Slidhl, the commissioner for Paris, was aecontI by iti' wife, eon, and three daughters, and also by his secretary, Mr. (I. Ew-tls, with 10 wife, Mr. Moon. the Commissioner for England, being ncorn pooled by his secretary, Mr. 21' lfarland. it was well known liii lavattt,aht Liot lortlfs we' booked for the trials party to proceed 1'Y this banner to St. Themes, tier' to join the hotni'war,l West India mail steam-ship for SOutlLmtzemptes. '11'y accordingly embarked sterday morning, trusting, to receive ti's same peleetin under the English flag which they had already received feat that of Spain.

 We left Macsarah yesterday morning at eight. This morning, about halfgoat eleven, we ob'crved a large steam-ebip ahead, and on a nearer approach foorsi she was hove to, evidently awaiting us. We were then in the tin-west part of the Bahanoa Channel, abreast of Paredon Grade Jii,tlsun', A soon as ive were well within range we had the first a, t,"i'tt.lon of her nationality and intentions by a round-shot being fic.yJ across ot'r bows, slid at the same moment by her showing .11 low-5- an cot cue. We were now sufficiently near to observe that 211110. port were op n, guns run out, and crew at their stations. On a still nearer approach sh'flred a shell from a swivel-gun of large calibre on her forecastle, which passed within a few ai'ds of the ship, bursting about a hoiSted var's to leeward. We were not' within hail, when Captain Moir, commaanting thu ship, asked the American what lie meant by stopping b ship, soil why he did so by firing shotted guns, contrary to a iii custom. The reply was that h wished to send a boat on lisarl of n. This was immediately followed by a boat pushing of, front t',o silt of the San Jacinto, containing between twenty and thirty men, ht'avily anne I,, oiler the command of the First Lieutenant, who came tip on time quarter-deck, oil, after asking for Captain Moir,demaoided a list of passengers. .5 hi "right of search" was denied, the information required was, of course, i,'enptorly relied. He then stated that he had information that Messrs.

'II, Alai EnsUe, and M'Farlamad were on board, and demanded that they it-sill iso given tip. This also boiqg tilignamitly refused, Mr. Slilell himself conic forward utah cold that time four gentlemen earned were then before him, but he appealed to the British flag, under which they were sailing, for protection. The Ltc-ttteiiant said that his orders were to take them on board the En Jaeinato by farce if they would not surrender. Fe then walked to the a' a of the ship waved his hand immediately three more heavily-armed teethe unshed ill and surrounded the ship, and the party of marines who come in first boat Came up and took possession of the quarter-deck; these, boerer, l' orslr'ol down on the main-deck, to take charge of the gangway gun. Captato Whhhir.mo, KN., the naval agent fit charge of the malls, who wit of course i r'-ceat during this interview, then, in the name of her Majesty, Ii" bring the only person oil howl directly representing her, made a vehement p -chelatIon agriost this piratical net.

 Bering tic whole of this time the San Jacluto was about 200 yard I distant from us on the port beam, her broadside guns, which vote all tnnr,rnl, directly bctmu'g upon us. Any open re'ietsueu to such a free was of course hopeless, although, from the lou and repeated

,I mrultt.s which followed Captain Wllhinit's protestations, and is hich were jhtiel In by every one, without exception, of the pncso'egers congregated on Vs qnai-tr-l' rh own of all nations, end front the nanlfestel desire of some ti re -hat to ti' lust, I have ito doubt but that every person would have junO ci hm"nsrt nil soul In the struggle had our Commander but given the order. Such an order he could not, tinder such adverse circumstances, corrschentioe'hy give, and it therefore considered sufficient that a party of marine', with bayonets fixed, should forcibly lay hands on the ge'ticrincma eamol. This was done, and the gentlemen retired to their cabins ta arrange suite few changes of clothing. A most heartrending scene 000W lash place byte'er'nu Mr. Shileil, his eldest daughter-It noble girl devoted to her father-soil the Litotenant. ft would require afar more able pen than mules to ti-set lie' bow, with fla'hing eyes and quivering lips, site threw her herself in I-u doorway ci the cabin whore her father was, resolved to defend him with mt life, tilt, on the order being given to the marines to advance, which they did, with bayonets pointed at this poor defenceless girl, her father etmulel the pminfuI scene by escaping front the cabin by a window, when he was I'm' hiately seized by the marines and hurried into the hoot, calling out to Cs iitrnin Muir as he heft that he held him and his Government responsible for liii outrage.


{Vol. 39 Issue 1121 12-14-1861 Pg. 591-592}

OUR CONTROVERSY WITH AMERICA.

THE attitude and bearing of. the people of England under the circumstances which have arsen in connection with the seizure of the Confederate Commissioners on board the Trent have been in all respects worthy of the occasion. This is not the verdict of mere self-complacency, but ample testimony has been borne by the press of France to the mingled dignity, moderation, and firmness of purpose which have been displayed by the whole country, and without exception of class. The bitterest satirists on England and the English have failed to find anything in our conduct on which to base even a sneer; while for an accusation no shadow of a foundation has been discovered. If it were necessary we might quote some of the language of writers in Continental journals in which our national spirit, our unanimity of feeling, and our consciousness of beinginthe right areheld up to admiration in no measured terms; but we only refer to these eulogies for the purpose of illustration, and with no desire to make more of a highly creditable state of things than it deserves. It would certainly have been a melancholy thing if a country like this should on the occurrence of an act of aggression have set about to scold and vapour with all the sound and fury of those, whether persons or nations, who are assured neither of their position nor the rights of the matter in dispute; and therefore, while admitting simply and unostentatiously the justice of any commendation which we have received for our conduct in this juncture of our national affairs, we can afford to be almost surprised thaf'any one should have conceived it could have been other than it has been. It is to be observed that, as the time since the intelligence of the Jncinto affair was

received has run on, the public mind has taken a calmer view of the situation; but, nevertheless, there has not appeared any abatement of the resolute determination to hold to the honour of England at all hazards which was the first sensation that pervaded the land. If there be any change in the view of this question-and we think there is-it is a growing incredulity with regard to the necessityfora resort to the bloody arbitrement of the sword. Reflection, consideration, examination of the subject in all its bearings, seem to lead to something like a conviction that, if a similar process be applied to the question on the other side of the water, it must result in a peaceable issue. The most recent accounts show that some change has come over the spirit in which most of the Federal so-called organs of public opinions deal with this subject. The tone adopted by these journals is much more serious and practical than that which characterised the delivery of opinions on the first blush of the matter; and something has been done to familiarise the popular mind in America with the surrender of the Confederate Commissioners as a contingency by no means remote. Some of them go so far as to say that the recent event cannot-we suppose because it ought notbe a cause of war; and others have allowed that, if the act of the officers of the Federal navy is not justifiable by the law of nations, it cannot inflict any wound on the national honour to make a suitable apology. The signs of the existence of such a feeling, however feeble they may he, are not without significance, and from them may 1)0 drawn auguries of things to come which, we believe, the most sensitive Englishmen would be willing enough to witness. It must be remembered that these indications of a tendency to
concession in America have taken place before there has been any knowledge of the manner in which the affair of the Trent has been received in England. Surely the august spectacle of a nation asnanirnous for the vindication of its honour, and consentancous in its conviction that that honour has been wounded, cannot be without its effect even on a nation so impulsive as the Americans. It is with a full consciousness of all the disadvantages, present

and prospective, to both countries which must follow a war

such as that which we are obliged to contemplate, but ready at all points for even such a contingency, that England awaits the result of the intercommunication between the tvo Governments.

In the mean time, in a spirit of perfect candour, and divesting ourselves of any mere partisanship, it may be worth while to consider some of the disadvantages which this untoward letfor untoward it is from any point of view-is calculated to bring upon the cause for which the Northern States are contending. It is useless to blink the fact that the civil war has assumed a magnitude which probably we in Europe did not contemplate, and which has called forth at the very earliest period all the resources of the North. The visions of a rapid subjugation of the South in one triumphant campaign have laded before the stern reality of the situation; and, while it is broadly stated on all hands on this side of the water that a

restoration of the old Union is assuming the aspect of an impossi-bility, it has been whispered that such an opinion has secretly taken root in the minds of the Cabinet at Washington, and that a contest with England is adopted as a policy out of which may spring a pretext for the ultimate acknowledgment of the independence of the South. If this is really the case, why, all ground for argument is cutaway, and it must be readily admitted that no course more calculated to attain that end could have been selected than that of bringing on a quarrel with this country.

 But disregarding the insinuation that a policy so tortuous underlies the conduct of the advisers of Mr. Lincoln, and assuming that the object of the Federal Government is the rehabilitation of the Union, it is impossible not to see the instantaneous damage that would be done to that object if war 'with England comes to pass. Already we see in the message of Mr. Jefferson Davis indications of the effect which such a dispute would have on the fortunes of the party sf 'which he is the head. His bold assertion of a violation f international law in the case of the Treat is pregnant with suggestion, and its interpretation is that he sees in that act a near prospect of the recognition of the Southern States as an independent Republic by one of the first Powers f Europe Of the moral force of such a declaration on the cause of which he is the apostle there can be little doubt

but if the matter should come to positive hostilities a glance will snfii.'e to show, in the first place, the whole Southern seaboard practically set free from blockade, the cotton trade in full operation, under the practical convoy of the fleets of England, with a corresponding financial effect on the resources of that pint of the American continent ; while, on the other hand, the ports of the North will be fast closed, and an equivalent check placed on the commerce and oujccs of strength and action of the Federal power. This is no idle boast or senseless assertion, for we have the liips, the guns, and, above all, at this juncture of our naval history, we are strong just where we have hitherto been weak

we have the anon, the sailors, without whom all the, vessels of war in the world would be inert masses. Already there comes from the great emporiums of trade and commerce, from New 'York notably, the rumour of mercantile stagnation, and, worse still, the cry of popular distress. Civil war alone has sown the seeds of -paralysis in that national prosperity of which Americans w (re so justly proud, and in the most fortunate future looms a large national debt and years of financial struggle. 'What may not be predicated as the result of a war with a powerful kingdom like England, added to the internecine strife which is now going on in the States? In the interests of humanity and of civilisation and progress one shrinks from the contemplation of the rebound of a quarter of a contnry of a nation which, always a world's wonder, possessed within it so

 yet sec a satifactory, because a peaceful, solution of this vexcd question. England, resolute and prepared for any eventrm'ilify, but more in sorrow than in anger, demnands reparation for an international as well as a national wrong. If site had any choice site would have preferred that any other State of Europe should have undertaken the vimtdicrtion of a prin.. ciple which she holds only in common with other nations. There are special reasons too obvious and too often (iwalt upon which snake a quarrel of this kind in the abstract distasteful to her. lie does not forget "that blood is thicker than water," but she also remembers that the time has been when in a contest for high principles and rights she could hear to see conflict even between brother and brother on her own soil, and, grievous as was the sacrifice, it was a lustration from which she did not shrink. She wihies to shed no kinsman's blood how

let us hope that that feeling will prove to be reciprocal,


{Vol. 39 issue 1121 12-14-1861 Pg. 592}

CAPTAIN WILKS, OF THE SAN JACINTO.

CAPTAIN Cuanjas 'Wiues, the Men of the hour in the United States was born in the State of New York in 1801, and entered the United States' Navy in 1818. In 1838 lie was corirnissioned by the Federal Government, with the grade of Captain, to take command of a naval expedition to explore the countries bordering on the Pcitic and Southern Oceans. Starting from New York, lie doubled Cape horn, visited the Sandwich, Feejse, and other Polynesian groups, and the coast of Oregon; crossed over to Australia and Tasmania, dercending as low as the Gist degree of south latitude. He visited Singapore and Borneo, and returned to New York in 1842, by way of time Cape of Good Hope. Several courts-martial were held upon hint from whit-I,, however, lie issued without loss of rank. The results of his expedition were recounted in a voluminous illustrated work entitled 11 A Narrative of the United States' Exploring Expedition." In 1818 the Geographical Society of London presented him with a gold medal as a token of their appreciation of his services to science. He has since puiAisiied a work entitled "Western Ametica," which contains statistical and geographical facts and maps relating to the States of the Pacific Coast. He was returning from the coast of Africa, in command of the San Jacinto, when, hearing at hiavannah that the Confederate Coinmissioners intended to take passage in the steamer Trent, lie determined to seize them and any despatches they might have with them. In acting as he did he states that he was guided only by his own notions of his ditty to his country, and that he had no instructions from his superiors at Washington.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1121 12-14-1861 Pg. 592}
 
THE COMMISSIONERS OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

IN our Issue of this week we give Portraits of Mr. Ma'on and Mr. Slidehl, the Commissioners of the Southern Siats of Aimc;cr, ',vh

were arrested by the officers of the San Jacinto on board the British mail-steamer Trent.

MR. MASON.

This gentleman, the Commissioner to England, b a native of

the State of Virtinia, and is of direct English liscent, this fact of lineage having been nlwsy.s held traditionally in his family. He is the grandeon of George Mason, one of the cost emlebi-ated of the worthies of Virginia, who was the framer and chief supporter of the first Constitution or that State. 'limo subjeut of our pi csent memoir was born in the latter part of the last century, and made his first appearance in public life in 1923, as a menulnr of a Convention of the Southern States which was assemblel for the purpose of carrying our a favourite plan of Washington for opening up the resources of Virginia by weans of a canal lutwcn the Ohio and time Chesapeake Rivers. In 1,927 lie was a men'ior of a Convention under whose au'tpiees the old Constitution of time State of Virginia was altered. In 18 Id lie was elected to the Senate of th

United States, find was afterwards rechosen at every election almost without opposition. Immediately on his Incoming a Senator hm was appointed a member of that important section of time Senate, the Foreign Relations Committee, which position lie held withmomit interruption until his retirement fm-omit that body, and he way for more than ten years the chmtirmmman of that Committee. Jim 18-50 he took part in the discussion which ended in California using declared a Free State, and was one of time seven or right members who, in conjunction with Mr. Jefferson DavP, was in favour of terminating the Convention of the Southern States with time Federal systcimm by their withdrawal from the Union. In politics Mr. Mason has always been a cone' tnt Democrat. He married the daughter of Mr. Benjamin Clmev, is rueniler of a family of some consideiatiom' in the State of Pnn.syl t'.iit. Although not emmdowul with any remarkable energy or brillisimey, Mr. Mason has always shown capecily for affairs; while on his pimsonil character us a gentleman of highs honour and elevated sentiments no slur has ever been attempted to be cast.

MR. SLIDELL.

Mr. Shithehl, the Commiioner to France, was barn in ttre city of New York, and the date of hi birth also belongs to the last century. At a comparatively late period of life he commenced the study of time law, and, having formally embraced the legal profession, he removed to New Orleana, where he practised with great success and accumulated a large fortune by time exercise of t his ability and industry, which, combined with great energy of ritamactee, have always cawed hum to hold a prominent potition in public life. He married the accomplished dtughtrr of a geittleina n of Louisiana, the lady who accompanied him in hi voyage towards

.0- 50,. ,.,,,-, ,.,. 1,,,.,i #i,T,.,.,.f 5i,,.,..
nation which, always a world's wonder, possessed within it so many of the elements of advancement to greatness.

Nor, in considering the consequences of an unfriendly terinistation of the differences between England and the Federal States, can the probable conduct of other nations in Europe he placed out of sight. In the very first rank, of course, must be placed France ; and, if the opinions of the Imperial Government he at all truly indicated, there is little doubt of the line which will be taken by that country. If the arguments of the French journals-even those which, as the phrase goes, are 11 inspired" from the highest quarters-mean anything, they mean that this question is not to be looked at from a merely English point of view at all. It is stated that it is only an accident that the Confederate Commissioners were

eiv.cd under the British flag; for, supposing they had found it convenient to take passage in a French vessel, the officers of the

."an

, .Incinto would have felt themselves equally bound to have captured them under the tricolor. In fact, it is urged that the question is a purely international one, and one on which it is impossible but that the opinion of all the nations of Europe must be consentancoiss. The coons bell! and its immediate vindication rest on England, but the moral force of international opinion will also be brought to hear on the quarrel, and that in direct opposition to the American side of the question. These considerations take the matter wholly out of the comparatively narrow bounds of a captious dispute between England and the Federal States. The question becomes cosmopolitan, and it

bearings rd its consequences assume adequate proportions.

If something of all this, which we have, owing to an earnest desire to enter on the discussion with the utmost moderation,

 erIias too faintly indicated, could present itself to the Jiiecrican as it moat surely does to the English mind, we might

ranter, have aiways (2L1I'UU 11110 LU 110111 prom llililiL I PU 10011 in public life. He married the accomplished daughter of a geittletnan of Louisiana, the lady who accompanied him in hi voyage towards Europe was present at his rapture on board the Trent, and is now residing in this country. Under the presidency of General Jaekon he was appointed District Attorney for the State of Louisiana. He was subsequently elected to Congress for two terms, and perved tito first, but before the second had expired lie was selected as the head of the

mission to Mexico, and continued Minister for the United States in that country until war was declared. In 1853 he was elected a moinhar of the Senate of the United Statci, and occupied that position until the secession of the Southern States. It should be mentioned that when Mr. Buchanan became President he was desirous 01' obtaining the services of Mr. Slidell in his Cabinet, and placed any otlice which might suit his views at his disposal, but that offer was not accepted. Afterwards the acceptance of more than one foreign mission was pressed on Mr. Slidell. and especially time post of united States' Minister to France, but these distinctions he also declined,


{Vol. 39 Issue 1121 12-14-1861 Pg. 592}

Several new banks of coral have been discovered off the coast

of Oran (Algeria) promising a rich harvest for tie coral 3liC5i.

At the auction-rooms in the Rue Drouot, Paris, is few slays back, three very instil vows for (lovers, in old ')vriss pwlaiii, end decorated in the style of the eighteenth century, were sold for 1$,J50f.

The gold medals of the Royal Academy for the year were on Tuvedsy awarded as follows:-To Andiew Drain l)oea1ls )n, for tm best liitoricsI painting; to Ceoree Plater, for tli lies' lilotorisi 5rosip fit sculptors

and to Thomas Henry Watson, for the best architectural design.

Tuesday's (,'a:,tf, contains a attinbir of regulrstions,agrcesl to by the I,iicrnational Commission, for the reelatian of th navigation of the Lowe, Danube. The Irovisiens are very minute, and sim time c.uo that time eonmnmiseionere have bestowed cmi the subject.

The Europa, which took out the instructions to Lord Lyons on the subject if the Taint steamer, left Qsseo.stawis on the Ft in-,-. for I [al ifax ; and time Federal Government most probably kites the not ci tissue instructions on Wednesday or Thursday. The iollowinc are tf.e stemsicre which will bring iniportalit hews from America subsequently to the receipt of the lnstrnction in Washington, vmc -Time Canals will leave i3toi, on the (liii, will call off Cape lines for revs on the lift, and reacts Qmreuramsn on liii 22nd. The North A nirlean will leave i'orGanul on tie II tim, cull oil 'Jo so lines on the Isith, and reach Londonderry on thi 23rd. Tlm City of h3aitisear

will leave New York on this 14th, call oil Cape Rose on the 16th, and reach Qutcenetown an this 2401. The Bavaria will leave Nor, Task C's t010 1,101, cmii off Care Race on the 16th, soul reach Cowes on the 26th. The Afriori will leave New York on the ltt!u, call o Caps Itoce on the )',h, anti roach Qacenstown en the 1Db.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1121 12-14-1861 Pg. 592}

General Scott has left for America. is asserted that his departure took place in consequence of an urgent despatch from the Washington Cabinet.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1121 12-14-1861 Pg. 592}


GARRISON OF QUEBEC.-A!1 American paper oiy " Taking

Qnclwc garrisons and the Upper Town into jnst ro,si,leroiioo, i rny be

deemed one vast fortress-cannon, ssldier, shot, aol shell riwtieg you a every turn. Even oil cannon are used as pots in common in Uppmr Town. It is to all intents and purposes a crnnpl'io loriQcation, ant to h ICC aj imt flOeeTtion of its trout,-Ii ant impregnohi iity i mn4 b Fem. Tie' ndiitiie of teeLcc like the mtlitia throughout Canada are continually drilling."
