THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS
VOLUME 39


{Vol. 39 Issue. 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 567-568}

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1861. 

THE TRENT AND THE SAN JACINTO. with their Secretaries, having succeeded in evading the blockade, Tim

federate States of America British public has been agitated by intense excitement and in reaching the neutral port of Havannah, engaged berths during the past week by the apparent imminence of a rupture on hoard the mail-steamer Trent, with a view to proceed to of friendly relations between this country and America. To Europe by the ocean mail-steamer La Plata from St. Thomas. the facts which have occasioned this state of things, and to the Being on neutral territory, and contemplating a voyage in light in which they may be viewed by the law of nations, we neutral ships, they made no secret of their intentions, nor of the shall presently advert. Before doing so, however, we gladly official capacity in which they were acting. While these gen. recognise the possibility, and express the hope, faint though it tiemen were waiting at Ilavannali for the sailing of the Trent, be, that the matter in dispute may be satisfactorily settled, even the San Jacinto, an armed sloop in the service of the Federal before the publication of our present Number. Our remarks Government at Washington, called at the port, having just left are intended to bear upon the facts as they stood at the moment her station on the coast of Africa. Captain Wilks, the of our going to press; and should any authentic information commander of the San Jacinto, under general instructions, from the other side of the Atlantic reach our shores before these it is presumed, from his own Government, for the time pages are in the hands of our readers which will render the was too short to admit of special instructions, determined following comments unnecessary, because untimely, none will upon intercepting the Commissioners on their way to rejoice more heartily than ourselves at being "a day after the St. Thomas, and for this purpose started from ilayannah

f air." to the Bahama Channel, a narrow roadstead through which

The facts of the case lie in a very narrow compass; the the Trent would have to pass. As soon as the British mail. tatementof them, although hitherto ex parte only, rests upon the steamer hove in sight the San Jacinto made all ready to concurrent testimony of several witnesses, and may fairly be stop, search, and, if resisted, to sink her. The first step taken assumed as trustworthy. They are so well known that it will by the Captain of the American cruiser was to fire a shot across not be necessary for us to give more than the barest outline of the bows of the Trent, and to show her colours ; but, as the them. Messrs. Slidell and Mason, Commissioners of the Con. British steamer did not heed the summons, his next proceeding
was to fire a shell, which exploded within a hundred yards o her. The Trent, being unarmed, immediately brought to, and Lieutenant Fairfax was sent on board to demand a list of the passengers. This having been refused, the Lieutenant said he had good reason to know that Messrs. Sliddll and Mason, and their secretaries, were among the passengers, and he required that they should be given up to him. On the refusal of Captain Moir to comply with this requisition three boats' crews were dispatched from the Federal sloop, and boarded the Trout, cutlass in hand. Further resistance on the part of Captain Moir was of course out of the question; and, under formal protest, the four gentlemen were seized and carried off as prisoners to the San Jaciuto, and the Trent allowed to proceed on her voyage.

These facts have been laid before the law officers of the Crown, who have decided that the Captain of the San Jacinto has committed a breach of international law, and a despatch from the British Government is already on its way to Lord Lyons, instructing him, it has been said, to demand the restoration of the captured gentlemen to the protection from which they have been illegally taken, and a disavowal and apology on the part of the Federal Government for the act of their own officer. If this demand be not complied with, it is rumoured that our Minister at Washington will forthwith return home
Mr. Adams, the American Minister at London, will be furnished with his passports; and diplomatic relations between the two countries will be broken off, in anticipation of war.

The ground upon which the law officers of the Crown rest their decision appears to be the only ground which could have been safely taken. The right o the San Jacinto to stop and search the Trent for contraband of war is not disputed. It is a right which Great Britain, an a foremost maritime power, has done her utmost to establish. The inclusion of persons as well as things within the category of contraband is also undoubted, although it remains a moot point (which, however, we shall not discuss) whether the diplomatic agents of one belligerent can be lawfully seized by another while proceeding in a neutral vessel between two neutral ports. It is a nice legal question, requiring for its decision the deliberate and solemn adjudication of a prize court. That which seems to be clear is that cornwanders of ships are not authorised by the law of nations, and cannot safely be permitted, to act on board neutral vessels on their own private views of law. The Captain of the Ban Jacinto, even on the hypothesis that Messrs. Slidell and Mason came within the description of contraband, was bound to carry the Trent into the nearest port, there to await the decision of a regularly constituted prize court. Had such decision been in his favour, we should have had no illegality of which to complain ; had it been against him he would have been responsible for whatever damage he had inflicted upon the proprietors or the passengers of the Trent, in consequence of her interruption and detention. It may he quite true that by pursuing a legal course, instead of the high-handed one upon which he acted, he would have subjected the owners, crew, and passengers of the Trout to much more serious annoyance than they have now to complain of. But it is also true that by allowing the precedent we should open a wide door for every variety of insult to our mercantile marine from the ignorance, caprice, or passion of American commanding officers, Neutral vessels are not to 1)0 adjudged guilty of 'violating the laws of neutrality by every petty officer who has the authority and the power to arrest them. It might be very convenient, no doubt, in certain imaginable instances, for a police-constable to seize goods suspected to be stolen andsiniply to hand them over to the reputed owner. It would save an immensity of annoyance in some cases; but it is judged to he safer, on the whole, to refer the decision to a court of la-v, where evidence can be given on both sides and impartially sifted, and where verdict and sentence have a chance of being delivered with due and dispassionate deliberation. Now, international law is founded mainly upon the same principles of justice as those which are embodied in municipal law; and the very existence of prize courts rests upon the implication that between belligerents and neutrals all questions that arise shall be decided, not by an individual and private but by a public interpretation of the rights respectively of both parties.

 But, believing, as we do, that a gross aid, if sanctioned by submission, a dangerous infraction of international law and the rights of neutrals has been committed by the Cmrnander of the San Jacinto, we see many incidents connected with the case that should induce Great Britain to present her claim to reparation with as much calmness, considerateness, and forbearance as a due regard for the honour of her flag and the safety of her commercial marine will admit of, one or two of the most important of which we proceed, in the interest of peace, to submit to the judgment of our rearlers.

In the first place, then, it deserves to be borne in mind that we are as yet without any trustworthy evidence that the act of Captain Wilks was done in obedience to initructions received from the Federal Government at Washington. The probabilities all lie the other way. The San Jacinto had but just left the coast of Africa, and had put into }Iavannah before it was ps. sible for her to have had recent communications from Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet. It was there and then only that he could have ascertained the intention of Messrs. Slidell and Mascu to go out by the Trent, and no sufficient interval was left him to submit his project to the judgment of the Cabinet. Mr. Adams, the American Minister in London, volunteered,
Mr. Adams, the American Minister in London, volunteered, immediately on the arrival of the news by the La Plata, a statement of his conviction that the Federal Government knew nothing whatever of the transaction until after it was consummated. The rumours which have reached us from America since the arrival of the prisoners at Fort Monroe lend additional probability to this opinion. Captain Wilks was stated to have hinted in the course of a conversation with General Wool at the possible alternative of being cashiered for his act-a proof, if true, that he had acted wit1vat authority. Lord Lyons, our Minister at Washington, is reported to have expressed his opinion that Messrs. Sihlell and Mason would be given up to England. The next arrival may bring 113 an assurance that the Federal Government have liuiioarably declined to take advantage of the wrong committed by their own officer, and the amicable relations of the two Governments may be re-established upon a sounder basis than before.

¥ In the next place, it behoves us to remember that the rights

of belligerents, as against neutrals, a strained and nitoflicial

interpretation of which has led to the present disagreeable dilemma, are mainly, if not solely, rights which England herself has persisted in establishing, not merely in the face of many protests, but even to the extremity of war. We are not, therefore, in a position to fire up in anger, or to proceed in haste or in harshness to the last fearful arl)itreni(-.nt in vindication of the wrong we believe ourselves to have received. And, in the last place, we may well make some allowance for the difficulties which surround time Lincoln Admtmmistration, and, if we cannot safely pass by such an offence as that perpetrated by Captain Wilks, we might, at any rate, act as courteously and considerately as possible in the prosecution of our demands. In this spirit and with these views we hope hr Majesty's Government are dealing, and will deal, with the matter. Hitherto the great majority of the people of England
have kept their natural excitement under creditable restraint, and we firmly believe will be prepared to make any sacrifice of feeling, not inconsistent with national honour, in order to avert a war with their American kin. We earnestly trust that their forbearance will meet with its due reward, and that by disavowing the act of Captain Wilks, and surrendering the Southern Commissioners to tile hande front which they were summarily and rudely taken, the Federal Government will save themselves, tile world, and us from hostilities which, while they would disgrace humanity, would bring nothing but evil to either party.


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1120. 12-07-1861 PG. 568}

OPINIONS OF THE FRENCH PRESS ON THE SEIZURE OF

MESSRS. SLIDELL AND MASON.  -

The whole of the Paris press, and more esccia1ly t,he sen-ofl:ial 3(urnals, warmly espouse the side of England in her quarrel with the American Federal Government.

An article in the l'atre, written in asemi-official style, after pointing out how deeply France is interested in the American question, proposes that, in case of a rapture between England and America, France should coincide with England in any recognition of the Southern Confederacy, and, in order to render any resistance on the part of the Northern States out of the question, unite her naval forces with tho3e of England. "At this moment (says the J'ateic) the fate of two peoplc

and perhaps the repose of the world, is in the hands of the Cabinet of Washington. Its rseolutions may lead to events of incalculable importance; but in any case we cannot but admit that England is right to act as she is doing. We will go further-she is merely accomphielung a rigorous duty, commanded by thcirciun

 stances, and all Europe will approve her conduct." In another article headed "How is France to act?" the Paine expresses more decided views -" In our opinion (says the i'alni) it is dithicult for her to remain indifferent in presence of a violation of international law which concerns all maritime nations. We believe that very likely the Northern States will refuse to secede to the demands made by England

in that case we may presunme that war will be immediately ilccl:trel, and the first act of hostility will be the recognition of the Suthera States .... We are convincedthat the warbetween thetwocountries will be an interminable one, but, on the other hand, we cannot remain idle spectators of a struggle between North America and Eagland. It is quite clear thatit is not our duty to aveugethe wrongs of England, but the recognition of the South by that rower, which would imply a final separation from the United States, could not be regarded as an isolated act, and would impose upon France the necessity of assuming a decisive attitude in this question. The result would be that two great maritime Powers of Europe might be drawn into a common action with the same identical political object; and, that being the case, as we have observed before, President Lincoln, by provoking an act of brutality, may perhaps have acted with foresight by preparing a scparatioa which he can neither propose nor accept." In another article the I'atric seems to foreshadow a disposition on the part of this French Government to recognise the Southern Confederacy if England should set the example of recognition.

With regard to the affair of the Trent the Pays says :-" The irritation excited in England, and the opinion of the law officers of the Crown, will perhaps make the Washington Cabinet reflect seriously, and induce it to offer the fullest reparation to the British Government. If Mr. Lincoln refuses reparation for the insult to the Trout, the entice responsibility of the consequences will rest with him.'

The Cosistitutionnel says:-"In fact, it is impossible that the Americans should not understand how irregular is the arrest of MM. Shideli and Mason on board the Trent; how contrary it is to the law of nations; and how prejudicial the consequences of this act would be to themselves. It would be the consecration of the 'right of search,' against which they have always protested, and which was one of the chief causes of the war they themselves waged with England. in 1l12-a right of search exercised no only on commercial vesseis
in ta12-a right of search exercised not only on commercial vese1s but on hip of war, for the anail-steamera are Royal vessels, having on board a Lieutenant of the Royal Navy, and their oulicere wear the uniform of the British Navy. By declaring contraband of war simdc passengers with or without a diplomatic mission the Americans strike a mortal blow against the privileges of neutral States, which it is to their interest more than to any one else to see respected."

The !hbats think,.; that the neglect of Captain Wilka to seize the

despatches on board the Front wan a fatal oversight.

The Temps thinks that the Emperor Napoleon line tenderid, or will tender, his good offices or mediation for the settlement of the dispute.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 568}

GENERAL SCOTT ON THE AFFAIR OF THE TRENT.

The United States' Consul has communicated to the French panera a letter of General Scott (who is now in Paris), in which he declares there Is no truth in the report that the Cabinet of Washington had ordere I the seizure of the Southern Commissioners, even if under the protection of a neutral flag, lie is quite ignorant of the decision of his Government, but he says it is nceesear' to preserve good relations between America and England. "I hope,' continues General Scott, "that Earl iluseell and Nr. Seward will agree on a solution of the question whether the persons who were arrested on board the Trent were contraband of war or not. If they were agents of the rebels it will be ditlictilt to convinco even impartial minds that they were less contraband of war than rebol soldiers or cannons." In conclusion, General Scott expresses a conviction that a war between America and England. cannot take place without more scdoueocationa than those at present given

{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 568}

CANADA.
 The Toronto Lender, the most influential organ of the Canalian

Ministry, characterises the seizure of Messrs. Masoll and Sliddll as "the

most offensive outrage which Brother Jonathan has ever dared to perociante on the British flag. It strikes at the root of British authority, and affirms a right On his part of the Northern States to

which the meanest nation in Christendom conid not honourably

eulmut. We assume that Lord Lyons will at once demand from the Washington Government a disavowal of the act of their Commodore and the release of Meesr. Mason and Slidell. Not to assume this, would be to suppose that Britain is indifferent to the rights and honour of her flag."

..jwc


{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 568}

The American vessel the Lady Franklin entered Plymouth

Sound on Tuesday, and at midnight a lire broke out in her forollolmi which

rioted in her total destruction. It is supposed that the lire was wilful, S SiC

I lie new being Southerners, omit it appears several of theRm 1,avo abscundci

1l, Lady Franklin was in ballast.

Some months ago the Perthisldre, a large colonial vessel of

510 tons, the property of Mr. WilliasI Gray, if Hartlepool, was boirilsi without legal warrant by time C nitl Suites' steaom"r M,,vsclmqelt , off the American coast, on the alleged grosinil tilOt the E','rtliihire 115,1 vlolat'sI tile 1,locka,Ie of the Southern ports. The case was repre'ented by the British Minister to the Government at \Vnslmiegton, 1,114 Earl lt,mosrll has immlor,nid the owner that the President will reroilluleud Congress to vote £2i5) so coo,peneation.

THE UNITED STATES' NAVY-The statistics of the United

States' Navy show ten slops of the line, time yolmmlgest of winch was hula ill

1840. Poor were still on the stocks, I oar were at Norfolk when that cart wv

alsimidoned. There are ten sidling-f,-ieates of (10 giums : two were limilt iii

1797 miSt one is if I o)O British t' mu lmmlm',l,',l tlii youngest wore built is 5(7.

There 1110 twenty 51001w of front 25 to ill guns 11,0 yommorwef. seiti limit in 1574. They are too small for their armnalne,,t. The steam n.ey is tile honed of the naval force of the Fc,l'cal COvirIlilteflI.. It esililutO of live screwfrigates built, am,,1 one h,itllilimms(. These are of the Nisnsr,m mist Miime.-'oia School. There are. six first-elso' eteaimm-e(oopa. Of this.' the erak ship is the l3eoolilye, guns, and to this cls 'twigs the San Jmsgi,mto, 14 guns. Th're are three padmlle.otroinei's-tlmmi 1',,s.hsl tail ropioural the clii, ; and eight eoml-class screw ieoinsloops and one pamkile-ivtleel all. 's.pt ito lm,st, built stare less; they carry lions ii to 7 dine. Tim" total-cuss oeem1w.1osps, four in number, carry more gaas-on' tt, time others (1. There arc fair paildle-steamers, two of 3 guns amid two of I. Three. stc:m,fl-tes,lers make tip the Navy, consisting, a" paper, of a total of 10 line-of-battle 51111,5, Id frtgstc, '211 sloops, 3 brigs, am,,i (1 troop-ship-all tlesv i've soilers off scow-fri rite'. of 18 screw mtn,l 8 pa,lihle-svheel sloops, and of 3 ofes,n.tcl,,lere. The ''local Government has increased the list by 100-merchant ships fit" out to rosintam the blockade.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 569}

THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

BY the Onnard steamer Persia we have received New York journals of the 2001 nIt.

The principal subject of interest is the reception of the news of the rapture of deere, Mason and Slidoll on board the Biltisli steamer Treat. The American account of the affair agrees with that of Captain Moir, except in that it is represented that all the documents of Misers. Mason and Shidell were seized. It is alro admitted that Captain Willie, of the San Jncinto, acted without orders from Washington, that ship having only just returned to the West Indies from Africa. The news of the capture was received with great joy by the people of the large cities, although the means by which it was made caused a fall of stocks in Wall-street. The captives were trausfened from Now York to Fort Warren, near Boston. Commodore Wilics is the sane officer who commanded the United Slates' exploring expedition in 183f-49, the account of which was given to the world in five large volumes.

WHAT THE NORTHERN JOURNALS SAY CONCERNINO THE SE[Z17iU OF SIESSI1S. CLI DELL AND MASON.

The journals are full of quotations from Vattel, Whraton, Piulliable, and Kant, and if decisions of Cool itowell, to prove that the dipateh, and the Commissioners who carried them, were '' contraband of war," subjecting the vessel to the penalty of capture and condemnation in a Prize Court. The practice of taking British seamen out of American merchant slops at the commencein cut of this century is cited its estopping Great britain from any right to object. Tile cutting out of the Caroline from,i New York waters, by Sir Allan MeN it, in 1837, is brought forward, the circn,nstitiices that preceded and 3ustilied that act beingoniitteil by the journal that cites it. Mr. George Sumner, of Boston, mentions the capture of lit,. Laureris, the American Ambassador, in 1780, as having been made from a Dutch vessel, which, however, is erroneous, the vessel being an American one. The joariils do not seen, generally to anticipate that the irregularity of allowing the Trent to proceed on her way would give cause of offence to the liritisli Government and nation. They regard it as alt act of kind-acts on the part of Commodore Wilks. Of the New York journals, wily the Commercial Atherfiser doubted whether the Commissioners wore contraband, and called them "political prisoners under the protection of a

 neutral flog," whose seizure Was unjustifiable, and ought to ha re-pudiated by the United States' Government. The two organs of the French population in New York regarded the seizure as a breach of international law. The Boston A dre,tiser preserves its usual moderation and judgment, and "inclines to the belief" that the despatches and Ambassadors were contraband of war. The rest of the journals of the three principal cities, which are written in the English language, treat the matter as one too plain for doubt. The i/era/il is as hi-utah in its utterances as usual ; the Tribune, tile Tittles, the Globe, the Journal ,f Commerce, and the E"eninq Post simply reflect the feeling of the people, and affect to believe that England, far from remonstrating, will "applaud the gallant act of Lieutenant Wilke, so full of spirit and good sense, and such an exact imitation of the policy she has always stoutly defended and invariably pursued."

A VIOLATION OF NEW nR.CNADIAN NATIONAL RIGHTS.

General Sunnier, in command of a regiment of the regular army of

the United States, seized three returning Californians on board the

Panama steamer on a charge of " Southern proclivities." On their arrival at the Isthiminis the Governor protested against thea passage of these political prisoners across the soil of Now Granada. General i¡mnnner, backed by time force of his regiment, refused to forego his design, and the Governor contented himself with a protest.

BELLIGERANT OPEIlATIONS ON LAND AND SEA.

The reports of Captain Bupnt and Brigadier-General Smerman have appeared. The capture of the forts was made with the loss of fifteen killed and wounded on the Federal side. The loss of the means of debarkation forced the Commanders to abandon their projected attack by land. The negroes had sacked Beaufort and were very favourably disposed towards "the Yankees." Many of the negroes who would not flee with their masters to the wools were shot by their owners, and this cruel proceeding had greatly exasperated the servitors.

 Another naval expedition, under General Butler, was in an active state of preparation at Boston.

General Dix has landed 4000 troops on the eastern shore of Virginia, and has issued a proclamation guaranteeing constitutional rights to loyal inhabitants. It is reported that the Federals were well received by the people of Accomac and Northampton counties.

The Federals have now 480,000 men in arms, lacking only 20,000 of

the numter authorised by Congress.

THE ARMING 01' THE SLAVES.

Colonel ochrane, a lifelong pro-slavery Democrat, in an a 11mm to his regiment, proclaimed "the military necessity of the emancipation of the slaves." The Secretary of War (Mr. Cameron), who was present, followed with it short but significant speech to this effect

liolillers I- It Is too lute for me to make you it speech to-night, but I will

say that T heartily approve every sentiment uttered by your noble coin-it The itect,-t,ies which he has haul down I approve as If they were soy own words. They are my seuti,,ientasenlhm,ienta which will not only lead you to victory, but which will in this end reconstruct this our glorious Federal Oouistitutie,i. It to idle La talk al,out treating with these i-bets upon their own terms. We must meet them as our C,ieniics, tout ti,,,,, let emtei,iteg, and punish them so ci,crnles, until they ihahl teem to behave themselves. Every niea,is which (toil loss place.! in our heeds it Is our duty to misc for the purpose of protecting ourselves. I am glad of the opportunity to say here, what I have a1reuly said elsewhere, in these few words, that I approve the doctrines this evening euuueiateit by Colonel Cochritne.

General Iltimside, of Rhode Island, and Senator Wilson, of

Massachimmpetts, the colleague of Charles Sumummier, have made declarations of similar import. The hatter said

It was poor policy to manage the war otherwise. It was useless to send our men from their firesides, their workshops, and their farms to ills upon the Noutitern Poll if the cause of the war were not removed, and the power that brought oil the con filet, without a cause, and aimed at the ilestructiom, of the Republic, remained untouched in the chief source of its strength.
THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

Five bridges on the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad: have been burned by the Unionists of East Tennessee. This line is the most important line of communication between Virginia and the SouthWestern States.

Colonel Corcoran, of the With (Irish) Regiment, has bean thrown into gaol as a hostage for the prviteersrntit condemned in New York, and twelve other oluicerti are designated as hostages for tht safety of the rest of the privateer's crew.

The Georgia planters have held a convention in which it was resolved that if the present cotton crop remain unsold they will not plant any cotton next year.

MISCELLANEOUS.

The New York banks have asked for and obtained a postponement a! the time when they will be called upon to take the third

O,OOO,OOO dollars of the national loan until the 1st of January fleet.

Another condemnation of a culprit for engaging in the slave trade

has taken place. The trial was held in New Bedford.

Edwin James has been engaged by the New York Leader, a weekly newopa1 et- of no high standing, to write autobiographical experiences. The editor oflets him 2000 dollars for a series of articles of this kind.

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1120 12-07-1861 PG. 569}

A numerously-attended meeting of American residents in

Fans nsscnsli]ed a fi w bye ago, at the Hotel \Vastintnstor, to preont their

respects to I mcmi Scott, on the occasion of his art-teal in that city. Ii is

)csliCney Mr. hoyt ii, tile Petted States Minister, In aliticusing the I enerit

on La-tilt of his countrymen in Paris, assured hint of their respect for himself personally, and their high appreciation of the value of In long sarvices to his country, n-for, tog particularly to the activity and energy displayed in his recent loyal (1444 nee of the capital when threatened by the Confederates of the Poet),, and deelanog ttml. his countrymen would ever cherish In their hearts a guileful ri ,sllc-t ion of IsIs nsiae. Ito expressed their regret at. the feeble

tntc of his Iscisltti, and their whutie for his speedy restoration and tritset

that, on his return tioine, he would find his country once more happy and

isIlttsl. slit niece prosperous than ever. (icuemal Scott, who scennid in felt

thIrsted at he ecpiphiuicnt paid hint, replied in suitable terms.

{Vol. 39 Issue 1120 12-07-1861 Pg. 570-572}

ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

OUR Special Artist in the Federal Camp on the Potomac continues to forward to us Illustrations of noteworthy incidents in connection with the civii war raging in that part of the States. Four of these, respect

ing which lie writes as follows, are given on the accompanying pages:-Fifty miles below Washington the Confederates have constructed some formidable batteries on the Virginia shore of the Potomac, opposite to a place known as Bitdd's Ferry. Among the series of sketches forwarded you will find one showing fludd' house,

and a small eirthwork mounting two 10-pOlind Pan-Ott guns,

mbaideeh alti ctFh, c dcraml ics t; ohianit,e Ithernetti nckp ooFni titol ine. Colnfrecill)earr atteonst tnei r-ei esboeivnegr the river, three exceedingly heavy ones having been unmasked. During nay visit a dozen or so of small schooners of light draught successfully
ran the blockade by bugging the Maryland shore closely, where the water shoals consitenthly. heavy vessels dare not risk it, as the deep channel lies right inider the hattedes, and the conneqrftnee is the blockade of the Potomac may be looked upon as effective. We on our aide watched the little ships anxiously as they came within range of the ciunly's guns, which they no sooner did than a teirible fire of

hot and shell opened upon them, not one, however 7 being struck seriously, and all enabled to keep their course down flyer. We, the apectator. ran probably more risk than the vese1s, for many of the

shells Caine over to our neighbourhood, bursting in close proximity to

where we stood. Our turn then came, and we. gave them a few round from the tiny Parrotte, pitching the 10-pound shells right into their works, amid peppering a steamer, one of the Confederate navy, natil they w cc glut to limit her lnsid Qnantieo Creek. The river at thiq point is ii mile end three. quarters in breadth. My liccoimaissanca with General Sickles in the Bed of the Potomac" was a mu-it remarkable ide, for nearly the whole time we had to wale to our horses' ph the in the river itself, sometimes even swimming, the h,nks being impracticable in places. The neighbour hood is Indian Ilcad, clone by the batteries.
