THE. COTTON OF VARIOUS CLIMES.

IF the shade of one of those vigorous Englishmen who laid the foundations of our manufacturing prosperity-_a Watt or an Arkwright, for instance-could just now revisit the scenes he

so dearly loved, how inexplicable would seem to him the distress of our artisans How difficult it would he to explain to him why such a calamity should have happened, or, if it had happened, why it was not speedily put an end to. Let us but review in thought the kind of questions and answers that would have to be exchanged. "flat the cotton crop suddenly 'failed through a universal blight?" No; but we can't get our usual supply on account of a civil war in America."What, then, are you dependent mainly upon that one source?"

"Yes l"-"And were the merchants and manufacturers never warned of the danger of thus relying I" "Often but the warnings werenever heeded.'-" Then, of course, there was no special cause of fear inherent in the nature of the case?" "Indeed but there was; all the cotton from the Southern States of America was slave-grown, and there were probably few Englishmen who did notbelieve that some day or other the system must dome to the ground with a crash."

And; if such a glimpse of the causes of our trouble would seem necessarily surprising to the shade of a treehearted and strong

t—uled Englishman of no earlier era, how would he. look on the present aspect of affairs, and on the future prospects of remedy they open? Suppose we pursue a little further our

imaginary dialogue, which, as will be soon, deals with no imaginary facts they, unhappily, are but too real. "How long may it be since this war broke out?"" It is now in its second year."-" Apd what has been done by you all in England to put an end to so terrible a state of things?" "llyus? 0, we have read, the papers daily, to see how the war was going on, and to judge how it was likely to end."-"And now?" "Why, now we incline to think that it grows more intense than ever, end that its termination i more hopelessly distant."-"And you really mean to say that neither your Parliament, nor your manufacturers, nor your cotton operatives have done or are doing anything effectual is ensure the reopening of all these deserted or half-deserted
sills, and the relief of millions of your people from so noetural a suffering 7"" Why, you see, the difficulties of action ro great.'--" You mean that cotton grows but in few places, and I not of easy culture?" "No; next to corn there is no product

once so valuable and so widely dispersed over the globe as ttou, or that grows so spontaneously where it grows at all. Me hand of Providence seems to be everywhere raising up for so human family in boundless profusion the corn wherewith to sake the bread we eat, and the cotton wherewith to make the lothea we wear."-" Perhaps, then, it is England's peculiar Wortiine to be shut out from the cotton-fields of the world?" On the contrary, she has, in no less than four out of five of he great divisions of the world-Asia, Africa, America, and Lustraha-cotton-delds of almost thnitless extent."-" Well, 1 an but venture on two or three questions more (so strangely onfusing does the whole business appear). Has England any Ugh motives of state for not encouraging the growth of this Il-important plant in her own dominions 1"" She has every :onceivable motive and temptation fox doing the very reverse. o take a single instance, We now hold India by the tenure of

European force seventy thousand strong; if we could but uhstitnte for that temu'a the right of taking from her three millions of cotton-bales for English use, and of repaying her y an equal amount of manufactured goods for the use of the eopls of India, we might at once recall half our soldiery: licae delicate cotton filaments would doubtless prove -of greater onaeity for holding nation to nation than the strongest sword ver forged."-" Well, but England is, perhaps, very poor just sow, unable to do more than take rare of these her halffamished children who have been so suddenly stricken down?

 Excuse my smile in answer; we are so troubled with a plethora f gold that the Bank of England discounts at two and a half or cent; and capital, not knowing what ales to do with itself, is awing awsy, first to Turkey, then to Morocco, next to Egypt, hen to Italy, then to Portugal, and seems, indeed; piteously egging foreign countries of all kinds to tnko pity on its cstitutc state."-" One guess more, and I have done. Has sore fallen upon the world anevil period when industrial skill sid energy are paralysed, and no one has the heart to move in a neacessatonsod way?"" Conic and look at our fntarnatioual Exhibition, and there you will have your answer! You will cc that never before in all human history were the elements of ednetvisl prosperity and material grandeur so rite its now.'

\V0 will net any longer trespass upon the reader's fildnigen,~,c taking an indirect mode of trying to bring house to him the cry peculiar position in which we now as a nation stiusd; but

should like to take such a reader with us to the building eat mentioned, that we might pursue with him the interesting eeetien that forms our theme to-day. We should like him to cc with his own eyes the samples of cotton that are there being nlnbited, to study their quality, and to mark how wide are the ;eegraplsical boundaries of the world's cotton-field. We should Iceirs him to dwell especially on the samples from India, and e note from how many different parts of that splendid country ye can reckon supplies. No less than sixteen prize medals save been awarded for Indian cotton, and the value thus miggretcd is still more directly confirmed by the market prices bat have been affixed to them by the commissioners. Ths ewcst price is ltd. per lb. ; the highest (from Penang), 2s.; and the average 121d. We would ask him be remember that ndia has already, in a single yont (1861), sent us very nearly a bird of the three million bales that we require; that the most iepnler of all the South American kinds, the Now Orleans, rows perfectly in India from American seed; and that the est judges cabal ate that, even at present, the annual growth if the country amounts to something like six million halos, or wire the entire amount of our demand. Of course, India cede cotton for herself; and oaimot~ under any circumstances, so expected without preparation to spare very largely froni sr ordinary stock; but still she ran spare, no doubt, far more ban we seem likely to get from her raider existing arrangeisonls.

 From the study of the Indian cotton samples we would have lie visitor go to that of the samples from Jamaica, which prove hat our West Indian colonies can grow as good cotton, and ems 'heaply, by free negro labour, as it has been grown in America ,y slaves. He will thud among them samples of almost abnlons value, varying from is, Sd. to fin. gd. per lb. And it is stimated that Jamaica alone could furnish half a million bales early. So again we shalt find in the exhibition Barbadoes eaton, worth is. lid, a pound; Bermuda, worth llid. ; Ceylon, ortli from lOd; to Is. 9d.; and Trinidad, worth 2s. 11d Or at again to pass to the samples from quite oilier parts of the rorid, but still keeping within our own dominions (where it is er fellow-sub joots who ask us to trade with them by exchanging i,tton for in there is Natal, which sends us aniplea ranging in valise from l2d. to 2s., and reminds

of the inexhaustible cotton-fields of Africa on which )r. Livingetone lies been so wisely clospeul. The plant is inch. unous there, and grows to wondrous profusion. What a sleasing alike to us and to the benighted Africans would it not is if we could teach their chiefs to employ their spars

population iii growing cotton at hems as free men instead of selling them away to foreign lends to be there similarly ingaged as slaves I And than, toe, there is that recent but most wonderful development of British - blood and enterprise, the

in a few years. ann as to me Value Ui tile Cotton IN Prouuoe3, let us hook to the practical ophsious of the commissioners, who have affixed the almost incredible price of as. Gd. per pound to Mr. Redo's sample; and there are oilier samples similarly distinguished by the very high price of Se. ad.

 Not one bale of cotton, therefore, do we need that cannot be well and wisely grown-that is to say, economically-in our own colonies. But it is quite certain that we shall not be allowed to depend upon them exclusively. Hers is Brazil with its samples of equal but moderate excellence, averaging in value about is., sending us already-in 1861-nearly 100,000 bales. Here is Egypt, with its Pacha claiming and obtaining a prize for his cotton, valued at Is. Sd., and telling as, through the lips of its excellent Viceroy, that whereas lest year it sent us about the same quantity as Brazil, we may expect next year at least one-half as much more. Syria is trying, and with success, both Egyptian and American seed. Francs, toe, is joining in the straggle, as the possessor of Algeria; where the very finest possible kinds of cotton are being grown, and of a commercial value that the exhibition romsnissionsrs mark by asmcrens prizes (eighteen) for samples varug in worth from Se. ad. to as. ad. per is, Turkey, too, claims to be able to grow and sell cotton of a useful kind; so does Russia, her old antagonist ; so does Portugal; and so do most of the tenths American Republics. But there is one nation that we should have hardly expected to find thinking of cotton just now, when arms appear to be so much more attractive to it, and possibly in its view so necessary-that is Italy. It is said, nmod apparently with truth, that else could give us next year 100,000 bales by merely devoting to the culture some of those southern districts that are new lying waste and breeding miasma instead of expanding their surplus heat and moisture in rotten. The prize samples of Italian cotton in the exhibition are valued generally at about Is. lid, per lb.

 'Why, then, are we in our present difficulty, and how are we to get out of it? These are this questions ave ought to ask, and not root till a clear and sufficing answer has been given to them. Looking practically at the position, we shall find that we must diathmgsoielm between the countries that cannot immediately give us ,in increased supply and these that can

and the part of tree wisdom surely must be to take iesmediatc help from. time one class while urging this other on to give as permanent relief. It is probable that India is this only country that can be relied en to mitigato our present strait.. And why do we not seek the co-operation of that country? The answer must be, because Indian views of politioal-whioh moans nationaleconomy do net agree with the views of English mnannfsctursre. The latter appear to think. it very good economy to say to time millions of Hiodostan, " Be you quite ready to 'supply,' hot don't rely upon as to 'demand.' No wonder the people of India decline the flattering invitation."

"Lest May," says Mr. Saunders, the conimisgionar appointed by the late Lord Canning to inquire into the growth of cotton in India, " I was in the cotton districts ; and, am the period for sewing cotton was approaching, I asked some of the growers if they intruded to increase the cultivation of cotton, as the price had risen so high in England? They replied, 'Sahib, we hear of high prices, but there are an buyers or contractors here, When the Sahibs want indigos or sugar, or oilseeds, they come among its and build ketheee (factories), make advances and contracts; but in the ease of cotton, which is said to be so much wanted, there is not a single Sahib buyer or contractor. No; there is something wrong. We won't grew more than we want for ourselves or our native merchants.' The manufacturer steadily declines to send out his agent; the Indian landholder as steadily declines to increase his cotton cultivation. The hatter is no sufferer, for be continues to grow his indigo, sugar, cereals, leo.; and will grow cotton when a local demand arises for it, and is quite indifferent whether that demand conies in one year, or in ten years, or at all. And what is the position of the former? A risked trade and a starving population around him. One-tenth of the funds required to support that population during the cessation of the cotton manufacture would suffice to establish agencies in Berar and the North-Weal Provinces : that would increase in one season the present production by a million of bales, and, in process of time, would produce sufficient cotton to supply all the wants of England."

 Here is the whole problem for us in a nutshell. We must send out agents with the money in their hands to boy, for we shall not get Indian cotton sent here on speculation to sell. The lliudooe know as well as we do the possible contingency of a sodden iddod of American cotton, -and they care--determined that if it does take place it shall not be at their cost. And however we may turn or twist the matter about, whether we say it is or is not in accordance with the teachings of economical science, we shall have to come back to time same original starting-point, Do we need cotton from India? then we mesi fetch it at our own risk. We can get it at a very moderate price; but we must pay that price, not ask the Indians to speculate on getting probably a much larger, possibly a much smaller, one, Many modes of action have been proposed, such as a dill eren. iiai duty for a time (say three years) in favour of free-grown cotton, which would cease American slave-grown cotton to be taxed if it came into competition daring the three years. It has also been suggested that Government may itself boy the cotton required for mm brief period, taking precautions against

business and with inc LOLaJUSUa uiu"""'-' -, ".- 1.11 them ire refused or neglected, we must make up our minds to

continue to suffer with constantly-ineroasing severity for an indofinilo term ; with all the risks of political agitation ; wimile no longer able to attribute our distress to a sudden and nsxforcseen terse, and still less to any lack of- the Divine bounty.

ILLUSTRATION OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

corroxenmalente 5OItPRIeED BY pruliltAL 5001715.

0cm Special Artist suites from Memphis as follows rsepesting the Illustration on the preceding page :-" The only excitement now in the immediate neighbourhood of Memphis and in Southwestern Tennessee generally is an occasional collision between scouting parties of Indians cavalry and the guerrilla bands of cettoubm'uers. I send you a Sketch, the result of one of my scouts with a troop of horse, in which we sane upon a party of Southerners one plantation destroying every hale they could lay, their hands on. In the foreground an officer is "berrying up" the business; see man applies the torah to a pile of loose rotten; others are ripping open and rolling up the bales; while a group of frightened whites and no graes are assembled under the perch of the house, We took two or three of the guerrilla band; the rest scattered sail made for the surrounding timber." -
Australian community, which promises to be able before long to give us all the wool and all the button that even Our two colossal manufactures demand. Take Queensland for instance, abets the best South American cotton-seed flourishes in perfeeLioss, bells the Sea Island kind, and the less valuable short staples. The local Government of the colony appears to be quite aware of Use value of the prospect. It lms offered a bonus of tots acres of land for every bale of a certain she of Sea Island cotton

anything beyond a temporary interference; or it may guarantee a five per cent dividend to cotton companies for a similarly short period while they undertake the work and risk. Or, lastly, owmanufacturers themselves might do all that is requisite by a combination amongst their own members to buy or bargain for all the cotton they require for a year or two, and go share the gain or the loss that might accrue from their cotton-buying speculation. If any of these modes are adopted, the curt in ho nl,tni,iud and it would hse dusirablo to adnot
Al tFllUCA.

By the arrival of the Montreal Company'e steamer Norwegian we base telegrams, viA Cape liars, until the 28th ult.

WAR NEWS.

General bleak, late Commander of the forces in the Dopartseont of the Mississippi valley, has been officially appointed General-enChief to command an the lend forces of the United States. The appointment has been favourably received by the Northern public, who have loot their former faith in General M'Clellan.

The President had issued a proclamation authorizing the military, cemenanders to seize end use for the Federal army all property, real and personal, in the rebel States which might be na000aery far eailitore ,iurnoses. The ooilitarv end oars] officers are ordered to emnlov

It is officially reported that the Federal loss in the recent battles before Richmond was 16,000 moo.

The Ceofedreate General Jebneton's report of the battle of haven

Tines has appoerod. He mentions his own weak state from wounds

rrreaved. He charges 90n General Huger's delay the escape from deefrseetien of on entire l'ederal corps. He claims to have captured on that occasion ten pieces of artillery, fool muskets, one garrison flog, and four regimental colours, besides a large quantity of tents

and ramp equipage. The Confederate lose was 4283.

in Kentucky, Tennessee, end Missouri, the activity of the gaoovilla bands increases. A plot to rise end seize the city had been discovered in St. Louis. The loyal Governor had called out the State militia and forbidden the sale of arms. Many of the British aubjeots in St. Louis hod thronged the Consul's office in that city, to get certificates of nationality, protecting them from the conscription. Here they had been attacked by a mob, A detachment o! the provost guard was ordered out end. the outbreak suppressed.

 The Federal Commander Psevagut had abandoned the siege of Vsrksliurg, and left, with his flotilla, for New Orleans.

In view of General Butler's proceedings at New Orleans, the President host issued on order, prohibiting military commanders from emoting on oath of allegioneo from aliens, end absolving such aliens as had taken audi an seth from its obligations. La all oases where an then is deprived of his liberty, a full account of the Circumstances must be sent to the War Department, far the consideration of the Department of the State.

At the request of the British Ambassador, conveyed by the Cainmurder of her Majesty's sloop-ofwar llinaldo, General Butler lead consented to recognise Mr. George Coppoll so Acting British Causal, upon the hitter's apologising for an offensive expression which he had made use of respecting General Butler's orders.

The British steamer Adela had been captured by o Fedeoul vessel elf Abets, one of the Bahamas. The British steamer Tubal Cain bad been Captured elf Charlestass. The British schooner Star of the Eaat bed been mired by the Coostom House offieiale in New York, and the case referred to the Secretary of the Treasury. She teak out to clearsnot for Long City, in the Bahamas, and it was assorted her cargo consisted of goads well adapted for the use of the Confederates.

Recruiting for the Federal army still languished. The municipalities and the State Legislatures continued to offer very high bounties, but the attractions of the horvaet-field seemed greater these these of the battle-field to the mass of the labouring classes. General Meagher had addressed the Irish of Now York with the view of stimulating them to enlist. The Governor of Ohio hod announced that if the quota of that State was not costly in forty days he should resort to draughtusg.

 ram aor.taecm'.s.rmar aunsauoar.

President Lincoln's appeal to the Bather State members is very urgent in recommending them to accept his proposals. He says, that "if the war continues long the institution in your States will be extinguished by more friction and abrasion-by the more incidents of war." In repudiating General Hunter's proclamation, he says, I gave clioratiefaatioo, if not offence, to many whose support I casuist afford to lore. And this is not the end of it. The pressure in this slircetion is still upon me, and is increasing."

Twenty of the Border State members have replied that Conprooa had not voted any sum for rcmauaorotion, and that tiocy could not consider the proposition in its impalpable loam. When a formal proposition was made, booked by the necessary appropriations, they might submit it to their 81-ates, but the debt it would involmo appaUed them by its magnitude. They had contributed their fall share to thes

0f the way, and they did not see why they should 1)3 called ;Ipmon, make sacrifices greater than the people of other States, who were not more loyal. They would under no omitmetaneos consent to the dissolution oi the Union, neither would they ov -- consent to joi the Southern Confederacy, as they could nob pl C Cir curit il the custody of an apEociation which bad incorportted. in its or a il law the Feeds of its own destruction. They deny that their refusal

adept emancipation had prolonged the war. They would not, undo

any oirouneatanors, become parties to General Hnuiro"s pohey s letting loose the slaves on the Southern people.

The minority of the Border State members, eight in number, respond favourably

 We are too mo,v embal,lr,sal to osai,or LIar poiiiioso ieo,o the, lao, in

heroic,,' factory, that the, lee'laro of the toatfr,rts rrtallioo 5,ov,' offaaal

,,bohih alorery among astern oo 0 condition so lorries, intervention in favour a

dole fnir}reilroer 00 0 ,,ooiar. 11 they rio glee 'iji levoi'y to ,ie;eroy

LIttle,,, v.a min usavly ask our people is ooieoalar the qoesdiso ad ri,isoailositoi

to ettir tha LIaio,i.

Several committees, composed of the Mayor and many of the leadijo merob ante and lawyers of Now York, have poeood resolutions deoluin' that no qualified omioniant should be longer permitted, and that it t far batter every rebel should parish than that one more loyal man should die. The Committee therefore earnestly toll upon use President immediately to issue. an emancipation proclamation, "This," they say, "will diminish the rebel army % falling many rebel officers and men to the defense of their homes, Baa Free States and the whole riviliaed world will applaud the emancipation proclamation."

arIarnLInirssotea. The craps are generally good throughout the North, hot them i's scarcity of labourers. One railroad company advertised in New York

far fifty labourers and did not receive any applications. This is attributable to the drain caused by the war.

The Danish Government had agreed to take as apprentices all negroes raptured an hoard slave vessels by the Federal rrauors.

It is reperted from Key West that a Federal gun-boat had captured a large berqns an the Coast of Cuba, just as she was unloading her last boat of slaves. She was at Key West under Charge of a puce mew. One hundred thousand dollars were found on beard,

Geld had fallen; but still commended 17 per rent. premium.

oorrvkoay.

Em-President Van Baron died an his estate at lfinderhoohr, in the State of Near York, on the 24th ult., at the advanced age of seventyeight. He was President of the touted States from Mactb 4, 1307, to March 4, 1841, being the successor of General Taekaon and the predecessor of Graces] Haavisoss and Mr. Tyler, the last of wham died lately at Richmond. It was dining his pavoidauay that the Canadian rebellion took place. He was elected t0 his office by the Democratic party, which, however, failed to re-elect him m 1340, when he was defeated by the 'Whig candidate, General Hearssun. In 1,848 he was the candidate . of the Free-sell Democrats. To this erhiem in the Democratic camp General Case, the regular Democratic nominee, owed his defeat, and General Taylor, the Whig candidate, hia eleotien. Since then this deceased teak no active parl in Am eraran politics. His death leaves but three surviving ex-Pe'oaideals of the United Statesvia., Messrs. I"illmere, Pierce, said Dnebeeaan.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

HE

LONDON, &ta'PlWAT, 4e10002' 0, 1862.

THE QUEEN'S SPEECH.

Oo Tlenrs'Iay afternoon the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty to prorogue parliament took their state shortly before two o'clock. The Commons having been summoned, the Speaker, with a few members, appeared at the bar and, the Royal ascent baviog 1)0011 given to come public and private bills, the Lied Chancellor road her Majesty's Speech, which was as follows  ft

The civil war which line for some time been raging among the States of the North American Union has unfortunately rootinucd ill unabated intensity and the evils with which it has been attended have net been confined to the Aoeerioan continent. But her Majesty, liavingfrom the outset determined to take no part in the contest, has seen no reason to dopaet from the neutrality to which she lies steadily adhered

Her Majesty line given her ready assent to an Act for carrying into effect the treaty which her Majesty has conclude

with the President of the United States for the suppression of the slave trade and her Majesty trusts that the eo-opersitioie of the United States' navy with her own may go far to extinguish the desolating crime against which that treaty is - directed.

 GREAT expectations" are the bin-den of the American telegrams. We are also told of mock "smncasbsesm," a word of significance in troobled times, and one which implies an inshiealthy state of fooling as regards the authorities. It would seem that the reluctance of the people to enlist in the armies, while the Generals appeared to be objectless and than incidents of the war were so disastrous, was represented as being unabated; and the President's proclamation calling on the South to take notice of the new law which made them liable to time penalties of treason was regarded so fmrafea, j'nlaems. The intention of employing the negro in military and naval work was very unfavourably csnsmneoted open by many who grudge the "contraband" any of the gain of the war, but w,14 npp,'oved by his friends as a new recognition of his status isa a man and a brother. In spite of meetings, which are variously described as glortoes domomeateatiee:s and as sitter falinras, and at which excessively tail talk hod been emitted, and the most portentous declarations had been mode to the effect that it 0-as better that every "rebel" should perish rather than that time Unisme eheeld be broken, it msppoars to be sullenly admitted that the mode in which a compromise could be brought ahoet 0-ac really the subject for the consideration of sensible citizens. Time President was naked to proclaim emancipation everywhere, and amiable philanthropists were complacently viess-ing the possibility of adding the horrors of. servile woe to those of a fratricidal contest but we mice not informed that the President or Mr. Seo-acd was lending a favourable cur to time project, whatever admiration it might excite among the Abolitionists. Assuredly , should the coot-so in question be adopted, its results might precipitate an interference, in the interests of humanity, by all rulers whom sob. jests are sojourners in a country which it is proposal to give tip to now horrors. In presence of a sieges rising, who, for instance, could blesmo the Emperor of the French for taking measures for the protection of time tlmoooiosmhs of Frenchmen and Frenchwomen in the South 1 The President was still frying to negotiate with the Border States hot it may be tInt ilmoy not only know- their valor, but the singular difficulty of Chair posttins, unit have no desire to be

- losOsec5oml 'tsist castle wall - And heavy seoei of esasso ball.

We are informed that the lesson of the Fedcrah darii-g hi

week of slaughter near Richmond are estimated at 10,000.

The ecstatic admiration of the Southern organs for their genes-ale to fremendons and Aoatseliic, with its trio of Emperors on the field and its ass-foil carnage, is considered a small matter compared to the recent engagements. The latest snail tells ns to expect early noire of new battles of the utmost importance,
TEE ColcrltDtliAfl 5fltt5.

An important discussion in reference to the recognition of the Southern States -eros raised by a motion of Lord Strntbeden for the correspondence whine had passed between Sir. Mason, the Confederate commissioner, end the Foreign Oilier. The liable Lord urged strongly that the time had canto for heterveni-itu.

Earl ttttnntt. declined to give the papers asked for. No representative of then Southern Status had been received officially, need therefore an the coatspeindeurn which hod token pi,ece was at am unofficial character. Then ins, however, a despatch which had passed between the Government and its rnpreeeeototive In America which might he pobitshrd hereafter. It contained a statement of the rinses of the (I aeveramrot on the American question, end nothing had occurred to aloes their intentions since it was written. It in the coarse of the recent the Oevernraent thought it desirable to take any step, be should communicate with the great maritime Powers of Europe before doing ro. He had had no remninnicattom from any foreign Town stating a wish for recognition of the Snnti,ern States.

Tue Earl of sUo.nigsurnr. while believing that the question of our later. ferenn iron only con, of near, to boo niecedalbytise Government, hoped that orueen the step ,as, token thin ceootry would be ieackwt by France, itnasia, and the other greot Peecern. Sin olso enrsceeoed a hope that Lord Lye.. waste! speedily rein-se to Weenteingion.

Earl Ettoirbo said Cicero orion the mast perfect understanding with Preteen, need he lead no doubt that in any step which might lot taken Ituseta and the other- Fosters would grec,

HOUSE OF COMMONS,-TuUttSDAY.

Byne.Aefn ear Asisteelett.-Soelen qomiinees all snienportant matters heesiteeg teen pet seed answered , Sir. Swtelot'll rnilrei attention to the eeeedeeet of the tJeeiint Staim in Lien immediate nnighleooorleonei of Nassau, and hoped the lool'ornmei't would direct vignenees reeeeneeeetraeecnn is the Uoeilnd Stains on that neebieei. If e oie roiled aitentian he the homh rrqeeieorh by the United Sistine fences British merchants that they os'nrld not Send their goods to the Gun. federate Smntcn,-Luee1 PtI.GSOSTGN soid that, with regard to then first question, the memo nanst be no-re that there 0-n no country niece interested than Ps-not Britain be the maintenance of belligerent rights at son. It iran the undoubted eight of belilgeevntn to search nernhnnt vnneris at sea if they of warts ass

enemy. It wnoinr lheenornnrnf the ship taken, when brought for- adjetiinatian, he os-ge in demure, circumstances in allow that the capture was illegal. Nor Mnjeaty'e Government were, at censor, not dinpnsed to interfere with. the proper exercise of belligerent rights by the Unites! Sinies; tot if tienro ahntntd be any absent of them rights, that being properly shown, hnr htajosty't Government would take proper steps. With regard to the stoned question, it was true that hoods had been dnoneaeedrd from British merchants net to send

Ltheir gends in the Confederate States. lint- Majesty's Gns'ernnoent, believing

auth hood-i Ice be ellegni had made reprronststinen an thn enbjoet
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the City of Washington, from New York, ansi

the North American, from Quebec, we have received telegrams vio.

Cape Race to the 5th inst.

WAS NEWS.

The situation in General M'Clcllan'a camp remains the same. His

army is suffering from scurvy end receives few reinforcements. The

movements of the enemy are kept secret from the Federals, except

when they reveal themselves on the south bank of the James Biveg

by opening ire on the Federal shipping.

Seven vessels of Porter's mortar-fleet had arrived at Hampton

Roads, and five more were expected. It is supposed they will ha employed to reduce Fort Darling.

A new Menimae and another ram, built at Richmond, had appeared in the James River as far down as Turkey Band. The Federal gunboats took up n position in line of battle, but no engagement ensued.

General Pope, whois said to have 60,000 men under his command

has been more active. He had crossed the Riepidan and oeiptoreci Orange Court-house, driving out two regiments of Confederate cavalry. His troops continue to forage upon the farms in the Shenandoah Volley, where the people refuse to take the oath of allegiance.

Guerrilla bonds are active in several of the Border States. A meekest battery, planted by one of these bonds an the banks of the Mississippi

100 miles above Viekeburg, had destroyed a Federal despatch-boat and killed several hands on another Federal river steamer.

In Southern Tennessee the Federals bed evacuated Grand Junction,

which had been occupied by the Confederates together with the larger pestien of the Memphis and Charleston Bs&uad between Memphis and Cerintb.

 Much Sickness prevailed on board the Federal fleet before Vieksburg'. More then bell the crews were unfit for duty. An evaeueoeeefuj attempt had been made to capture the Confederate gemboat Arkansas,, in which the Federal gun-beets Queen and Essex were damaged. The Confederates have several rams and steamers up the Yaaau River, near the mouth of which Vicksburg is situated.

Volunteers not having presented themselves in sufficient numbers, notwithstanding the tempting pecuniary inducements held out by the Federal State and City governments, and by private enbecriptiune, the President has found it necessary to announce that if the 300,000 volunteers were act ready by the 15th of August immediate raeorh would be had to draughting from the militia. The term of service is fixed at nine months. The President declines to accept the negro regiments as soldiers, bat will avail himself of them as labourers.

MISCELLANEOUS.

The Governor of Kentucky, hitherto a stench Union men, had

convened the Legislature to consider the late action of Congress.

touching slavery, and to provide for the safety of the domestic institution ice Kentucky. This proclamation is Considered treasonable irs the North. It receives additional importance from the fact that the Governor has lately made a speech denouncing the confiscation and emancipation policy, and declaring that to save the Union it was necessary to throw over the Abolitionists.

Congress in the Session joist closed appropriated the enormous seed

of 010,000,000 dclx, which, with the sum appropriated at the eismmeg

Session last ycar---2f0,000,000 dole--amounts to 1,176,000,000 dole.

since the commencement of the war.

Several persons had been arrested in the streets of New York fag speaking unfavourably of the wet and declaring that they could net suffer draughteng.

The loyal Irish Americans of St. Louis had met and drawn up resolutions denouncing the conduct of those of their countrymen who had appealed to British protection against the threatened conscription.

Isabella Susini (nb Hinckley), the American prima donna, had died after her aceoucbeinent.

The premium on gold had fallen to 141 per cent. The expo:ls of grain to Europe were very heavy, and the cereal crepe of the prrssnt year were superabundant.

Despatches which had passed between the Government of

lI,,c r000try ease that of the United States have just been published. In a strapocet, to Mr. Adams, dated May 15, Mr. Seward urges the reasons why this cooolry ehooti not interfere ho the 'roe In the States, and sketches tersely and vigoeoo,ly the poeltloo of effete,. This despatch was answered, after a cook

lapse of time, by Earl Bench, into announced cleat England would

still preserve a'e impartial neutrality, while heartily wishing for a apecdtj

rtsrlasmns to the ' unnecessary and icjariana civil war.'

Aepr- 7"
TEE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS. LOS'S 07: ,envany, AUGUST 10, 1862.

Loon PALMDIOTFOIe 110(1 scarcely ahaken hands with the Speaker, in congratulation upon the end of a dolt Session, when the Premier was hurrying Yorkehicewarcis to shako hands with Sheffield. An enthusiastic assemblage gathered to banquet in the Patter's Hall there, and to welcome tl1s veteran champion of English independence. The guests were the notables of the district, but the waroa feeling in favour of Lord Palmcratcn was shined by all classes, and stalwart workmen pressed round him to greet him with a hearty "God bless thee, led I" The members for Sheffield were present, and Mr. P,oabork availed himself of the opportunity of making 'a sensation speech," in which he vehemently adjured Lard ralmerston to recognise the Southern Confederacy, and said that the severance of the Union world be far the benefit of England. "No doubt of it," said no leas a personage then the Mayor of Manchester, amid loud plaudit. Sheffield moot prepare itself to receive a broadside of the hea%iort abuse which the Federal prints and orators can pour in; hot it will possibly be as harmless an the united fire from fifteen ships and seven rains that was poured upon the Arkansas when she made her destroying way through the Northern first at Viokaberg. The point will be that such a speech was made, unchallenged, in the presence of the Premier

of England, and that it was approved by the representative

of the great beast of Liberalism. In the absence of other

American noses of interest, we hors amid fl-1, ,.-. -

eating intrrlereoce, and that the Earl cmsntismnly woitad, not seeing any oseeconity for prompt roply, and, when hr did answer, simply pointed omit that svomtto were indecisive-that, despite all the provmmnatinmsn given by the North, we had remnaiisrd tmnpartial, and that we intended to remain so. The Hurts despatch in cairo and terse, but it eoudcmssro the situation with too much felicity to nsakn it eaaetly plcosart rea'1in in the

North. The Binbop of Oxford's reromnmnemrdotian that con-gregations should engage iii "shunt prayer" for the rostoratiun of peace in America ltns oerasimctod some remark; but a clergy. moon named Jordan, who cnntencl.m that the clergy ought to be allowed to oiler op what public prayers they please, door not materially support his own cage by intimating that he should pray for the suppression of the "rebellion "-a enorsa which, in this present divided state of feeling in this country, might induce a moiety of his dock to discontinue attendance on his ministry. -
AIIFSICA.

By the arrival of the Etna from New York we have telegraene from Cape Race to the evening of the 12th inst.

will NEWS.

A reconnaissance in force was made from General b['(Jinflan'S army to Malvern Rill and Newmarket, within ten miles of Richmond At the former place two Confederate regiments and a battery were. encountered, but they tied after a alight engagement leaving 100 erieeners. At Newmarket the Federals retired before two Gonfederate trigadea. ThO next day the Confederates moved down in force upon l,felvern Hill, end the Federal. retired on their old positions. Fifteen hundred Federals have been thrown across the James River, preparatory, it is conjectured, to an attack upon Fart Darling.

General Burnside'e whole command has been transferred from

Fortress Monroe to the Potomac, where it landed at Acqu.ia Creek,. and had advanced, by last accounts, to Frederiolcabung.

Severe fighting had taken place in the Virginia Valley-. General

Jackson, having crossed the .linpidon, was met by General Povo. & conflict ensued about a nails and a half from Cedar Mountain, It lasted from three o'clock till dark, with what result is not clear from. the telegrams, which give two opposite versions of it. Both accounts. agree that the Federale loot one gun, and thatboth parties fell back from the battle-field, General Jackson having recroased the Bapadan under cover of, the night,

General Pope's troops were committing great havoc in the Virginia Volley. President Dims had issued a proclamation, thasgi9 hen with changing war "into indiscriminate robbery and murder.' He therefore orders, that if Pope or any commissioned officer of his command be captured, they shall not be treated as prisoners of war, but be held in close confinement. In the event of the mu.rd.er iii an unarmed citizen of the Confederate States reprisals will be taken on a commissioned emcee of Pope's command. The above rogulatione are epplieablo only to the commissioned officers of Pope, e oons-tnend.

 From the West there is a tedious recital of guerrilla attacks and movements of small bodies of regulars. The guerilla heave made. their appearance so for north as Missouri. The Federal General MeCook had been shot by guerrillas in Alabama while tra'jofling in an

ambulance. The Federals devastated the neighbourhood and hanged

several of the inhabitants in retaliation for the murder of their General.

The Confederate ram Arkansas has been blown up on the .wtissieeeppl,. bet whether by her owners, by accident, or byher asasilants is as Yet uncertain.

Pestilence was reported as raging in Richmond, where hundreds. were dying daily. Yellow favor was active among the Federals at. Key West, in Florida, A vessel had arrived at lics:oa with thirlr

patisuteenboard. A new outrage on the British .fiag had been committed by an officer of the Federal Navy. The British steamer Herald issued from the hcrbeur of Charleston with a cargo of cotton. She was chased by the Federal steamer Aduundac to within two miles of the harbour of, Nassau, New Providence, shot and shell being thrown at her all the. way. The Herald entered Nassau in safety. The captain of tho. Bcitieh steamer Greyhound had an interview with the Federal captain, end protested against the act. The matter is referred to the Govemsuents on either side.

The conscription causes much excitement. In Indiana. a secret. society, numbering several thousands of adherents, has been discovered. It aims at pceuynting enlistments and resisting taxation. The consulates in the lstge cities are crowded with applicants for exemption-papers. The rash of Irishmen at the British consulate m New York was so great that the police had to dear the office. The Secretary of War had issued an order that no citizen liable to be draughted into the militia shell be allowed to go to a foreign, country. The Federal officials at the ports, seaboard and frontiers, will arrest. such persons, who will be talcente the nearest militarypoet and placed on military duty for the termof drau'tt, The wnt of habeas corpus is suspended as to all such. On the etL many passengers were arrested by the police on beard of the European steamers. Some were disguised as sailors and stoutly resisted. The Government telegraphed. that these who had purchased tickets previous to the issue of the order might proceed on their voyage. The same system of police visits has been pm sued on beard the Californian steamers. Persons liable to militia duty can only emigrate to California by giving bonds for 1009 dollars to pro-vide a substitute, if draughted.

 iexscanraisnous.

A large war meeting had been held at Washington, at winch the. President made a speech. He denial that there was any wxarrsl between General M'CleGan and Secretary Stantan. He indorsdd the character of Mr. Stanten for bravery and ability, and he came forward to take upon himself the odium of, the charges made against. him. At this meeting ax-Governor Bontwell, of Massachusetts, made

an abolition speech.

The anniversary of the emancipation of the nsgree in the Beitiela West Indies was celebrated by the coloured people throughout the Northern States with the usual festivities. The Irish in the large cities have of late conducted themselves riotously towards the free negreee. They have resisted their employment as stevedores. and ice factories. A very aggravated outrage occurred in Brooklyn, where a tobacco factory, filled with coloured women and children chiefly,. was

attacked and set on fire. But for the exertions of the police in extin-guishing the flames, made while the mob were pelting them with

missiles, all the factory hands would have perished.

The Ma York limes, apropos of Lord Palmereten'e speech on Mr.

Lmdeay'e motion, is candid enough to tell its readers that "the. British Government deserves the praise of having held to the obligations of neutrality under conditions such as never before urged a people to their violation."

The steamer Golden Gate, which left San Franciaco m the 2Iet salt.

for Panama, was burnt to the water's edge on the 27th nit., o

Mecsaanilla, When the fire was discovered she was only three anal and a half from the shore. The steamer struck the beach soon af(Lec the upper deck fell, and the passengers and crew jumped overboar

to swim aahore. Out of 310 persons about 100 were saved. The specie

lest in her amounted to over 1,000,000 dote.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

-  LONDON: SATURDAY, Lire 052' 23, 1902.

RECENT movements of the American armies do not appear to have been of an important clonraoter, but the movements of American citizens and others, in ordor to escape being sent to the Federal armies, have been very prompt and decided. The conscription has fairly terrified the population of the North, and if. Mr. Lincoln makes up anything like the force which he demands it will be by recourse to measures which the most despotic soldier of the Old World has never employed, except in the ektremest used. When France was struggling against the combined exertions of indignant Europe she raised soldiers by the means which the Federal Government uses against a revolt at borne, a revolt which was to have been put down in a given number. of days. Americans, Irish, and Germane were hnrrying to the British frontier or getting on board English ships in the hope of avoiding- the "prose-gang.' Government, on the other band, was establishing a real blockade to keep its subjects at home, and the sternest edicts were isaaod for preventing this unpatriotic exodus. Such an illustration of the popularity of the war furnishes its own comment. In Missouri the citizens and the troops have come into actual echelon on the enrolment question, and lives have been lost on both aides ; and in Indiana a .secret confederation has been discovered-if anything oan be called secret in which 15,000 men joinfor preventing enlistment and taxation, and for enpporting the South. Persons are arrested on board the steamers for California, and permitted to depart only on giving a thousand-dollar security, in order to provide enbatitutea ; and in New York a provost-marshal and a military guard are doing the work of recruiting. There has been fighting in iheVirghoiaYalley, andthe Federals have been beaten, with mach slaughter, and bave lost guns. The Confederate President has met General Pope's marauding proclamation by an intimation that be should net treat Pope's officers as prisoners of war, end that, if unarmed Confederates are murdered, he will make immediate reprisals. Pestilence is said to be ravagiag Richmond; but there is no authentic information as to the movements of the defending army. M'Cleilau is reported as ,iss state quo. Taken as a whole, the latest budget of American newsiadnguiarly nufavourable to the North
THE SITUATION IN AMERICA.

Tus time seems to have come at last when the Federal Government, slow to believe and slow to act, is prepared to recognise the stupendous nature of the work it has commenced in combating by force of arms the determination of the Southern States to maintain their independence. The Northern people, impelled by passion and not by reason-for reason would have allowed the South to go in peace as soon as it became evident that their Southern fellow-citizens were earnest and unanimous in their desire to secede-have hitherto been unable to see what Englishmen, Frenchmen, Canadians, and indecd the whole world except themselves, have perceived from the beginning-that they must either overrun the South by fire

and sword, massacre or banish the white population and give up the plantations to the negroes and the Northern soldiers, or consent to the separation. Mr. Lincoln, his Cabinet, the press, ths New England population, and all the large class of contractors, antlers, and others, who are making rapid and scandalous fortunes out of the war, have decided within the last few weeks that the fight has not hitherto been fought as if the whole heart and purpose of the people and the Government were in it, and that it is necessary to carry on hostilities against their countrymen in as vigorous and unmerciful a spirit as if they were foreign foes leagued for the invasion of their soil and the destruction of their liberties. And clearly, if there is to be a war at all, this

is the only spirit by which to invoke and command But is it in the power of the Federal Goverumeat partisans in the press and in the pulpit, in the army a counting-house, to arouse such a feeling in the mm Northern people? We doubt it. The voluntary en] entreated by the President, and sought to be by bribes of bounty-money from the Federal so from the State Governments, from the municipalities cities, and from the liberality of contractors growing plunder of the army, have lamentably failed. The: asked for three hundred thousand men, and in five v than thirty thousand offered themselves, This fact mid in Washington that the war could not be carried on
firmly-united and desperate People oy the more especially as the mercenaries only provided one m51 where ton were demanded. Consequently, the President, whose original idea was that seventy-five thousand men would be ant

cient to conquer the South and to gather up and cement the broken fragments of the Union, awoke to the conviction that six hundred thousand men, in addition to the armies in the –eld, would be no more than adequate to the mighty work which it is his ill-fortune to conduct. If such vast forces can be collected by the conscription which he has ordereda new thing among a free people, end never befote resorted to in any self-governed nation except to repel the invasion of a forcimi foe-the aggregate armies of the North levied since the assault upon Fort Snmter until the present day will roach the frightful number of one in ill hoe three hundred thousand men. Of the first lovias, composed wholly of volunteers, at least four hundred thousand have either perished on the battle-field or in the pestilential swamps of the South and South-West, been disabled by wounds and disease, or have ingloriously deserted and slunk sway, no more to be heard of. And it is net too much to say, if the conduct of the war for the future be neither more vigorous nor mere successful than it has been in the past, that a similar doom will await the stow levy of six hundred thousand men.

But will the six hundred thousand be raised 1 That is the vital question of the day in America, as well as in Europe, which looks on wondering at the suicidal conflict. It is 'is yet impossible to answer the question. The response lies in a dim but not reunite future, of which no one can lift the veil. Yet one corner of it can be partially drawn aside, and through that corner all who choose may see one thing very distinctly which is. that the new army, if raised at all, will be tempered mainly of Americans. and that the Irish anti Germans who, up to the recent battles on the fltickabominy and the Panumbey, formed so large a portion of the Federal strength, have lost their relish for. and their hope in, the struggle, and will persistently refuse to shed their blood in its support. Nothing else is clear in the haze of American politics but that one peat fact and it is ,me winch can afford no cucouragomeet to the Northern leaders, whether they be civil or military.

 Perhaps, however, there is another fact ahnost enally ominous of the li,sal issue of the strife-a fact which the Americas;.,: refuse to admit. hat which is noise the less palpable on that account. In fact, much as the North hates disunion, it hales negro esncncipallon cliii more. New England lucy Cell laetily for the abolition of negro slavery and the elevation of the negro race to the political status of white 115011 ; but the Northern, the Middle, and the great Western States repudiate the political pnrtnership, would fight to the death against the social equality, and would rather expel the negroes from American soil than consent to amannnmission of slaves which would bring black Ini osirers from the Southern rice and cotton fields to the fanas and cities of the celder North, to reduce the wages of white lai.onr. Between the white population and the negroes there is an amount of repulsion and antipathy which noise hot those who have lived in or studied America can understand; so that the more loudly the bitter philanthropists of New England insist upon converting the war into one of abolition, the inure inclined are the messes of the North who live by their labour to look upon the war as a lamentable mistake.

At this point at the present moment things appear to stand. The South gets heated as the North grows cool. Jefferson Davis takes bean as Abraham Linoola loses it, The North hears the President's call for six hundred thousand inen, and obeys unwillingly, While public opinionwhen bold enough to express itself-declares that one million will not suffice for the I conquest, much less the retention, of the Sooth. We in England, looking upon the matter dispassionately, bystanders that survey the game from a vantage-ground denied to either of the players, see that one section of the late ill-assorted Uision is still united as one man in favour of independence wider a separate form of goveromeat; while the other section, the only one as yet acknowledged as a de forts Government by the European Powers, is divided into a dozen warring carts and factions, and redividee and subdivides itself as the war proceeds. In tlse South the North has no friends. In the North the South has many warm adherents. Democrats and Republicans, professing both of them to love the Union above all things, hate each other with an amosmt of animosity unknown to the political struggles of the Old World, and only equalled by the antipathies of the Gironda and the Mountain in the amity days of the French Revolution.

How long this useless war will continue to devastate the fairest portions of the North American continent it is impossible to forecast; hot it is easy enough to sac, from the

'desperation of the South, and the mingled pride anti hesitation of the North, that the issues are not in American but in El

are

penn hands. As one of the asoat influential and rcvpectabte of the a Northern journals, the Ma' Tacit Pleats, declares, with a strong hiss against the South, "the age of long wars has passed. The industry, the commerce, the eiviieatioo of the world cannot

,tnntt till fnvrn-,,,5,mu, ¥,o-, 1 --------------- C
she was attacked by a fleet of Federal gnn4oate from below: Aftera stern resistance she was abandoned apd blown up, The ofiloers and crew reached the shore in safety.

The accounts from Tennessee and ;Xantuoky report a continuation

of operadic guerrilla warfare. A Confederate General Casweli by name, has been assassinated at his residence near Knoxville, by a Union Tenneesreon. Three tundred houses in Memphis have been seized by the Federals under the O'onileoation Act. The Confederate General Morgan, who claim to have taken 20 towns, 1200 prisoners, and destroyed 2,000,000 dollars' worth of property, spealcs in high teems of the -velour of Colonel George St. Lager Gronf oil, late of the British, now of the Confederate, Army.

The Federal General Phelps had resigned his position at New

Crlcaee, because General Butler refused to supply arms for equipping his negro regiments. General Butler orders them to be employed in throwing up entrepohments, and refuses to acceptGeneral Phelps's resignation.

General Butler has ordered a forced contribution of 330,000 dole. from the basics, cotton brokers, and merchants of Now Orleans for the support of the poor. The assessments are made in proportion to the sum subscribed by the merchants for the defence of New Orleans against the Federal Government. The forced contributions from each firm varies from 86,000 dole, to 6 dole. Nearly two hundred firms are rssoseed.

In scene of the Northern States volunteering is progressing favourably, Maine and Michigan have already contributed bionic quota, end there will be no need to resort to droughtinginthooc States. The large States of New York and Ohio ask for more time, which has been granted by the War Deportment. The process of conscription has therofots been postponed until September 1, in order to give the Northern States an opportunity of filling up their quotas by voluntary enlistments. Foreigner's who have declared their intention to become citizens are net allowed to leave the country. Numerous emigrants enlist on lending. The Governor of Massachusetts has ordered the onrolmeut of coloured citizens among those subject to the draught.

 A collision has occurred on the Potomac between two transports. Eighty sick soldiers were drowned.

o,necur,nAinooisa.

The Governor of Kontuok-y, in hie message to the Legislature,

recommends the adoption of the Crittondsn resolution as a standing proposition for peace and the settlement of the war.

Mr. Cassius M. Clay, late United States' Minister to Russia, has

made a speech at Washington devoted to abuse of the Iiinglieh Par-liament, press, and people, and laudatory of Francs and Russia. the municipality MEW York has appropriated 1,000,000 dole, for the defence of the harbour by gun-boats and rams.

A. letter from Richmond, dated the 3rd inst., says :--¡' There is a great deal of suffering hers. Coffee sails at Idols, per. lb. ; tea, Idols.; brown sugar, 75c. per lb.; eggs, per dozen; 1 dol. ; moth, 1 dol. per gallon calico, 750; per yard; linen, 2 dole. per yard; hate, 14 dole.; toots, 25 dole, to 40 dole. per pair; shoes, 16 fda. ; salt, tOe. psr lb.; flour, 13 dols. per lb.; butter, 1 dol. per lb.; writing-paper, 30 fda. per ream; potatoes, 6 dole, per bushel; any kind of ,coal, ,50 dole. to 75 dole.; pants, 25 dole." This seals of prices indicates not only a great scarcity, but a great deprsoiation in the paper money

of the Confederate States.

In the North the crops of grain are heavier than in any preteens year. In wheat alone the State of Ohio has an estimated. surplus for export of 17,000,000 bushels.

The heat was so intense in New York and Brooklyn on the 9th and 10th inst. that upwards of fifty deaths were reported in the journals of the two following days resulting from crap do soloil and cholera morhue, induced by exposure to the sun.

CANADA.

The Canadian Parliament has been unexpectedly sanrqoened to

meet on the 28th of this month.

It was expected that the war in the neighbouring roptabho would have largely increased the numbers of Europeans emigrating to Canada, This expectation has not been realised, the increase hemg this year only about six per cent compared with the season of 1861. The emigrants arriving at Quebec up to the 15th ult. ware 14,434 against 13,587 up to the same date in 1861. The immigration at the port of New York has fallen off in about the same proportion.

The immigration into Canada from the United States has, on the ether hand) exceeded anticipations. The Montreal .e.filocrt lacy says

"Canada is at present invaded by the Yankees; they are -aging the frontier in crowds-filling the railway oars, thronging the steamboats. A single train brought yesterday sixty young men from New York State. During the next ten days Canada well renews an addition of some thousands to her population. Many of the imincgrants are mechanics and workmen, and the majority are young men bat's'ren eighteen and thirty, and therefore liable to the first draught.

AMERICA,

By the snivel of the steamer Bohemian we have telegrams from Now York to the evening of the 16th inst.

WAR mows.

Details of the sanguinary battle at Cedar Mountain have bose poblishod. It scorns to have base one of the beet fought and at the simi time most fruitless engagements to which this war has given rise. The looses were heavy on both sides.

General Pope's official report of the battle atCadar Mountain states,

that the 10tH of the Poderals woe 1530 killed, wounded, and missing, 300 ci whom were taken prisoners. Federal General Prinec was

- _A 'itcam-iloat explosion has ocourrcd at Shanghot 'i'hc vessel which sustained the disaster is the Union Star, which had just arrived from Celifosnia, and was on a trial trip when the aaoidant happaasd. Upwards of a dozen lives were lost, one half of whom were Americans; in addition to which there were several persons injured.

A Now York paper states that a Brooklyn lady purchased as

snide in Polton-strcoo the other day, when she rocoivod thu following aS

ehoego for a one-dollar bill -Peory tickets, shinplaster, coouterf nit penny, o.u

ticket, milk ticket, butcher's JO U, grocer's 1 0 U, broad ticket, three ee's\

i)et-esgo-stamp, One cent psetego-otemp, and ioc-oresen ticket.
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Jura end City of Baltimore we have journals of the 23rd and telegreaois of the 26th ult.

WAB NEWS.

The evacuation of Harrison's Landing by the army of General M'C:eilan was effected 'without bee or interruption. The bulk of his army has since been removed from the peninsula of Yorktown to Acqi. is. Creek on the Potomac, whence it effected a junction with the army cinder the command of General Pore.

The Confederates, on receiving information of M'Clellan'e movements, immediately marched out in full force from Richmond in order to fall upon general Pope before reinforcements could reach him. The latter forthwith retreated across the Rappahannook, the Confederates following close on his rear, Repeated skirmishing and artillery

engagements took place. At Cnttls'e Station the Confederates cap-tured a staff officer and General Pope's personal luggage, maps, official despatches, end valuable papers relating to the campaign. The Federals occupied Wsrrenton after a slight enge¡'ement. By last accounts the Oonfedatee held the south bank of Ioe Rappahaonoclc with a line of batteries extending fifteen miles. They had attacked the Federals and endeavoured to cross the river several times, but had been repulsed by General Pope.

General Halisok had issued orders that officers and men will be held accountable for all property taken from the enemy. Officers and ansn taking private property without authority would be shot.

The Confederates had retreated from Lexington, Missouri, had been defeated in Arkansas, and repulsed in an attack on Edgelield, Ten. nsesee; bnt had captured Clarkevalle, in the, same State, and wore advancing on Fort Dennelson. They had also invaded Kentucky and captured several towns.

 The Negro Brigade formed by General Hunter in South Carolina lead been disbanded, in tensequence of its being discountenanced by the Administration.

'iha Federal commissioner sent to New Orleans to examine into same of General Butler's proceedings there has reported, and recommends the return to the Dutch said French Consuls of the specie seized by that General, and also that a large amount of sugar and ether merchandise should be relinquished to British, Greek, and other foreign msrcban in New Orleans,

Mrsortn.tosaous.

Mr. Seward has officially announced that persons who have msrcly declared their intention to become citizens, without taking the subaequeot steps necessary to-complete the presess of naturalisation, are not liable to be th'aughted. He had also issued orders to grant passports to persons liable to be draughtcd who desire to go abroad, on their executing a bond to the United Statoa conditional to porform military duty or furnish a substitute,

President Lincoln had addressed a deputation of coloured men verging them to ce-opcrato with ham in colonising their race in Central America, inasmuch as there was no chance of their attaining to a position of civil end social equality with white men owing to the antipathy of the latter to people of their race and complexion.

An enthusiastic reception had been accorded to the released General (late Colonel) Corcoran, of the 69th (Irish) Regiment, captured at the battle of Bull Run, in Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York. He everywhere stimulated his countrymen to enlist, holding out to them the inducement that the cause of Irish independence would- be benefited by the military training they would receive under the American flag.

General Meagher and Archbishop Hughes having spoken in the same sense, enlistments have been more numerous of late, both among the Irish end native elements of the population.

The new smell-nets and postogo-atamp Federal currency was issued on the 21st nit. Gold was at lO premium.

The Indians in the north-west part of Minnesota, exasperated at the non-payment of the money due to them from the Federal Government, attacked the whites, and murdered men, women, and children, burning all the dwelling-houses they could find. Several hundreds are said to have been lulled. A body of forty-five volunteers was cat to pieces. The Governor of the State has ordered out the militia with Iscrrss to the scene of action.

PRESIDENT n&vas's acssssos.

The Confederate Congress assembled at Richmond on the 18th nit. The message of lafr. Davis admits "the suffering endured by some portions of the people." The prowess of the army is spoken of as assuring the triumph of "constitutional liberty" in the pending struggle logainet "despotic usurpation." He charges the Peolerals with disregarding the laws of civilised warfare :

Stem ccocniplery punishment mont lc mated o,st to the ,n,cnlarers au,l felons 'who, flrgr,'clcg the prcfraiso of anal,, eerie to ,cake public war the occa-sion for the cocs,ci'elen of the enact ,necc'trmci, crimes. Do ply as we regret the rOse-crier of the cceltect into which we are about to be forced, we coast accept it as eli olter,,cclve wl,irlc recent manifestations glee sic little hop3 call he avoided. The exeeperaciecs of failure has sareccscd the worst passions of our cosmic,. A large portion of their people, even at their clergymen, now engage in urging an excited populace to the extreme of ferocity.

He recommends the extension of the conscription law so as to include all citizens between thirtyfive and forty-five years of age. Bills embodying his suggestions had already been introduced into Congress-in particular, one providing that a Federal army, composed incongruously of whites and blacks, shall not be entitled to the privileges of war. All Degrees belonging to such an army who may be captured will be sold end theft commanders hang or shot.

ti A ti A fl a
NEW ORLEANS S HUNDRED YEARS Am.-The River

Mtooisoippi (says the Pool Boy of June 4, 1761) is now near 1503 cellos navigable, and has several rivers canoeing into it both from the east and west, some of winch are one, two, and some above three, hundred mi1ei navigable. The land is so rich end the soil so deep, especially he the south parts of it, that in mercy places one may run a soldier's pike op to the hoed without meeting with a rock or stone. Its south ports are so warm, and the land so rich, that the French who live steer the city of New Orleans, which is lIt miles op from the month of that liver, have planted and merle good anger these live years last past. What act immense end extensive trade will that city have which is tIes seaport (as New Orleans now is) to all this extensive country, which is capable of producing everything-sugar, esioto, &c.-if civiltsed, coltivated, and peopled, on it way probably be in a few centuries. The Clown of England has a right by eliseevery and taking possession of oil this country ; and ICing Charles IL granted it to the ancestors of the late Dr. (lox, but they serglerted en settle and people it; And Sir Francis Drake took possession on the scoot side f it, as far north as let. 41, and a great way south of that, far Queen Bhixaberle

but the English neglected to settle it. The Trends Caine and built the city of

New Orleans fifty leagues op the river, and a fort or two about sixty cities below the city. The city aced the forts might have been easily behest lbs last evinter-the beet time to take it in, it being so svorsn there. If we ha-1 sent 1000 or 3000 men down the River Ohio into the Mississippi, end thither, on large heats, os there is timber enough on its banks to build them with, the Eesghlsh might here been in posseooioo of all North America (except LiIsc Florida sod the north part of Mexico, which belong to Opals) ; and our King would then have been to possession of both the north end south passages to all that fine country and to Coestla also, and no way left DO the French to cease at either of them, The French there now ore, acid ever will be, enemiesto the English, end have lately stirred op the Cherokees and other Indian nations to

II espsn the evosrito weston parts of Virginia, tiorohisa, awl Georgia, and

ro it so molly barbarous murders on the English oanlrclo as they hare lately doze there.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

- .&OXl.JON, 'SAO'UIWAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 1550.

We have another State paper from America, in the form of a message from President Davis. It is a temperate document, designed to encourage the South, and to promote among strangers the belief that the Confederate interest is consolidating and that it Comprehends administrative duties. It wars not to be expected, however, that such an address shonl,l be entirely devoid of hard words; and the most is made of the conduct of Pope and Butler, and of the atrocities hoputod to the Fedemis. We also learn that the South will not tolerate the employment of negro areas in the quarrel, but intimates that all black prisoners will be sold for what they will bring and that all white prisoners who have commanded them shall he treated as felons, which, under the circumstances, may be held to mean that they are to be hanged. The enormous prices offcrsd!or recruits for the North, and the consideration that it is batter to be paid for soldiering than to be pressed and taken gratis, have had their effect upon the new levy.and the materials for a fresh army are coining in. Perhaps General MOldllan may be intrustcd with the work of manipnlathsg these materials-a duty for which the most malicious of his enemies, even Mr. Stasaton, cannot deny Millellan's fitness. The system of espionage and arrest continued in fell force, and a handsome batch of disaffected parsons were daily sent off to prison, though a nserc instalment of those who will be incarcerated, should it be true that Botlsr is to be placed as military Governor at New York. We have no valuable information as to any other military movement than the retreat of General M'ClslJan, who is credited with having taken a leaf from the hock of the Southern leaders, and having shown himself a master of escape. Rumours of battles are rife, and it is now clear that the last Confederate exploit was a real success, but we ore uninformed as to the fact of there having bson an important conflict. All the avenues of intelligence from the Federal camps are carefully closed, all reporters are soot an-ay, and the mnmnrfactore of guesswork- correspondence, though not suppressed, is conducted under rather disagroeable coaditiona Except that some of the Roman Catholics and some of the Irish ore very loud in their appeals to the North to go on vigorously with the war, that the leading Abolitionists arm talking unpunished treason while unijaflucntinl man are dragged off to gaol, and That the New York press is exhausting every form of bluster in regard to the grand preparations that are being made, and the necessity of nttsrlyassnihiloting the South, and rceolonising it, if necessary, we have no news of interest from the Wcsteris scene of war.
00 The (Jimnntln papers say that an extensive fair tratit will

centre tMe fall in Montreal in conseiluence of the troubles in the United States preventing traders from going to New York and Boston. The mason's supply of robes from the Hudson's Bay Company will, it is expected, be over 12,000.

--- ----------------

The Pea cc Society lips issued an address to the people of th'

United states. It rnye -"Is the time not come, we repeat, friends as fellew-Chrjstieflo. when an attempt should be made to arrest this destreccfr' cc elhct? We deprecate utterly all nomad intervention at all, bat such a a you yeseiselves would willingly s'lniit an the part of England or any aino peon rower, in your allaire, l3ut sorely the idea of a friendly medlatte s may l,e entertained without any derogation at your national dignity. Wa b-e.eh you to collect that, sooner or later, some method of peaceful adieisli' sit must be edepteel. There are only two alternative insues of eitw the utter oateiiuuiattoi'. of one party, or some form of accommodation and' 'omproinlie between the contending sides. None 0f you can wish the former And is it 4'ot totter at once to have recourse to the latter before further) i is shed end the feelings an both sides shall become hopelessly inflnuvsl with animosity and vengeance?"
