AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Asia we have news to the 15th nit. The prjaa..

clpal points are the removal of Mr. Cameron, the Secretary for War

and the struggle between the Secretary of the Treasury, Congress anJ,

the New York bankers in reference to-the ways and means,

THE REMOVAL OF MP. CAMERON.

This acts for which the President is solely responsible, is attributed,. like the removal of General Fremont, to two very different causes-.. diet, nepotism and favouritism in the distribution of army Contracts;, and, secondly, a radical variance with the President on the ainvery qncslion-Mx. Cameron taking the Emancipatloniat aide. That the latter is the more powerful motive seems to be indicated by the. President's choice of a successor to the vacant poet'-naunely, Rdwiu Stanton, a Pennsylvanian Democrat and strong anti-Abolitionset. Mr. Stanton was a member of Mr. Buohanan's Cabinet after the Secessionists. had left it; and the appointment is looked upon as evincing a desire, on the part of Mr. Lincoln to conciliate the support of the Democrats, at the rising influence of the Abolitionists in Congress and the' countey, The appointment gives satisfaction to the army; but the, Sen. te has notyet confirmed its nor that of Mr. Cameron to the pint of United States' Minister at St. Petersburg in lieu of Mr. Csssiua Clay,. who petitions to be recalled.

FINANCE.

The important negotiation between the bankers of the three greacities and Mr. Chase has not yet been, concluded. The scheme 011.

taxation and loans submitted by the former is uneatlsfaclory to th politicians because it is too favourable to the banks.

 coiccotsea.

The Senate passed the bill compensating the owners of the British'

ship Perthshire for her wrongful detention. The bill met with some

opposition from Senator Hale avowedly based on his anti-English

feeling. The opposition in the Lower House to the bill appropriating.

35,000 dollars for enabling the American Commissioners to make prop= arrangements for the transmission and reception of goods at the woalet's. fair of 1862 was more successful. The occasion was seized by Mr. Owen Lovejoy, of Illinois, to deliver a.philipplc against the British Govern.,. scant and people.

THE BuBO1'EAIq EXPEDITION TO MEXiCO. A note addressed by My. Seward to -the British, Trench, and Spanish

Ministers at Washington has been published. The President authoriao5. Mx. Seward to express his satisfaction at the recognition by the three,

Powers of the high interest the United States have in the destiny at

Mexico implied in the invitation extended to him to become a party to. the joint expedition. The Pleaident,.however, refuses the invitation on. the ground, firstly, of the President's desire to maintain the tradition

policy of the United States, which forbids them to make any alliance. with foreign Powers; secondly, became Mexico, being a Ilepublic

State, deserves great indulgence from the United States. Inasmuch as Mexico is now shaken by borne dimensions, and menaced by a loreigrz,

war, the President is not disposed to seek satisfaction from Mexico at.

the present moment.

MILITARY AND NAVAL.

General Burnaide's expedition has sailed from Hampton Roads. 1¿. further advance has been made by the Mississippi expedition. General' M'Clellan's health is not yet fully re-established. The Duo de Chartiree. and the Comte de Paris have returned from their furlough and. resumed. their staff duties in the Federal army.

 Work in the New York navy-yards had become slack, the " mortas fleet" being nearly fitted out. The expedition for which these vsssel. were intended was expected to be the last of those about to be undertaken on the Atlantic seaboard, as the Government agents had ceases! to charter or purchase steamers and sailing-vessels, ferry-boats, canal.. boats, and whatever other variety.of naval craft they could obtain.

From Havarinali we learn that up to the 8th cit. forty-seven vessels

bad run the blockade of the Southern coasts, and arrived in Cuba-. 'alp,, thirty-seven at Eavannah, six at Matanzas, and four at Cardenas.. WE GOVERNOR OF NEW-YORK ON BRITISH RELATIONS.

Governor Morgan, in his annual message, gives expression to the.

enlightened mercantile sentiment on this subject. He says

.8. recent occurrence, which created great solicitude both hero and In Eorope renders it not improper for rue to say that no State in the Union has so large an interest as New York' in preserving amicable relations, especially witit commercial Powers.

After speaking of the tonnage and value of vessels owned in th port

of Now York, which amounted to 1,464,011 tons, and 96,000,000 dOIS.

respectively, and to the imports from and exports to foreign oounts.-le

which in 1860 were 884,000,000 dole, in value, in addition to which

the coasting trade, amounting to double, if not quadruple, these figures, he continues

Rostilltioa with either of the great Powers of Europe, and, most of all, with

Government which, from consanguinity, language, and, austoeqa Is most;

intimately related to us, would be of untold dl,ssler. No more pretext, no

caprice of Court or Cabinet, no cause whatever, unless It Involved nati¿I

gd

inity or we axe derded a positive right, could, justify the representatives of, 8 State in consenting to a war with foreign Powers, especially at a portedWhen extraordinary supplies of men and mousy have been and will cc race.

to be drawn from onto overwhelm the insurgents at home. . - We 11m,

not weaken ourselves by tatting upon us a war of questionable oeoeseity, Let us give no Intended offence, and tamely submit to none.

CALISO1tNIA.

This State has been visited by the severest floods which have ever

occurred since its settlement by the Americana, They were caused by

heavy reins which melted the snow in the mountains, by which the,

various streams were rapidly swollen, and rose to a great height; .Lsimenee damage has been done to the cities. of Saoeqnaento and Marysvllle, and also to the agricultural settlements in the neighbour.., hood. At Long Bar, near Marysyille, about fifty Ohinamen wex, drowned and at Sand Flat an entire Chinese settlement was awe L-.

away, tl!Ie poor fellows climbing into the sycamore-trees only to torn. away by the risingcurrent. At another bar nearly one hundred

Chinamen were drowned in a narrow gorge, leaving only one to tea

tIe tale. AU the bridges on the rivst's of Upper California have been destroyed by the same terrible agency.

The high tariff hr thUnitea States is ieginning to have a favor..

able efftet onCaradlan trade. In ontzea1 large quantitees of ¡otto,

goods bare been puxcbased on American account. moat of these wiJ.
be mnggled. Cotton goods are now fully thirty per cent dearer on

the American than on the Canadian side of the frontier line. A large trade is also springing up in teas, sugars, and other articles which used to be cheaper in the United States than in Canada, but which are now greatly dearer, on account of the increased duties; and the smuggling is all reversed. This partially compensates Canada for the low price of agricultural produce and the stoppage o the sawn lumber trade, consequent on the cutting off the Southern market.

Large exports of arms continue to take place from the German and Belgian ports for America. The Melita has just sailed from Antwerp for New York with 16,000. stand of arms-old flint looks converted hots peronesion

muskets at Liege, at-a coat of £0000.Their value is estimated at £20,090
TEE TB  CASE AND THE BLOCKTITG-UP OF CHARLESTON

HARBOUR.-WbeU Mr. Seward's despatch on the Trent prisoners arrived in

this country, stating various grounds on which they might have been detained

at the very time their release was effected, Han Russell stated in reply that, while he cheerfully accepted the result, he could not acquiesce in his arguments, and added that on a subsequent occasion he would give his reasons for dissent. That task he has now 'executed, and his despatch appiars in Tuesday's Gazeile. The Principles of Mr. Reward from which his Lordship specially dissents are two-namely, that ambassadors or agents or their despatches, UT to be regarded as contraband of war; and next, that either persons or goods, of whatever kind, proceeding in a neutral ship from one neutral point to another are in any cage liable to capture. These principles, he 'says, are. repudiated by all writers on international law, whether English, Amercan, or Continental. In conclusion he notices the "singular passage in Mr Seward's despatch in which that gentleman says that he would have detained the prisoners if the safety of the Union required it. "His frankness," says his Lordship, "'compels sue to be equally open, and to inform him thatGreat Britain could not have submitted to the perpetration of that wrong. -Froii a dePatch from Lord Lyons to Earl Russell we learn that Mr. Seward declares that the blocking up of Charleston harbour is only temporary; that the Federal Government will themselves remove the obstructions "as soon as the Union is restored; and that the beat proof of its being incomplete and partial is" that in spite of the sunken vessels and of the blockading squadron a British steamer laden with contraband of war had just. succeeded in getting in.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

LOZDO1SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1862.

MR. MASON, the author of the Fugitive Slave Law, an-id hiff

C0-Commissioner, Mr. Slidell, have arrived in England; and the Trent drama, which at one time threatened to rise into the dignity of tragedy, is now over. The actors who performed the part of prisoners must resume their positions in private life

and assuredly we have no wreaths to throw them, nor inclination. to summon them before the curtain for what paragraph-makers call an ovation, Lord Russell has published the despatch in which he demolished the barley-sugar edifice raised by Mr. Seward. The tone of the reply is, of course, perfectly courteous

but the arguments are mercilessly hard. The garbled quotations: by Mr. Seward from EmmerichVattel, the Neufchatel authority on International Law and the Nature of Love are restored to the context and to significance; and Lord Russell reasserts the rnj

that civilians do not by their presence in a neutral vessel alter its neutrality, be they who they may, nor do they expo‡e themselves to capture. To the curious observation of Mr. Seward that if it had been for the interest of his country to detain the cup. tives they would have been detained the Earl simply replies such an idea is indefensible, and that England Would not have permitted such a course. The honour and the justice of this nation being now vindicated, we presume the matter may drop, unless Mr. Seward has leisure to compile another miscellaneous column of fragmentary law. This, however, the clever American lawyer may not have inclination to do, ittu. much as the sudden and important rupture in Mr. Lncuii1'3 Cabinet may give its remaining members enough of real. business to attend to. Mr. Cameron, the War Secretary, wh 40 views on the subject of slavery are more in accordanc3 with those of England than of the North, has been suddenly dig. missed by the President, and his place supplied by Mr. Sta.atou who holds by the Domestic Institution. The measure lAns excited a great sensation among the powerful AboUtioniat
party, and an attempt is being made to alter public opinion as

to the characterjf the act by blackening the reputation of Mr. 'Cameron-a course not new in America, but as to the justice 'of which there is at present no evidence before an Eugith journalist. The war offers no new feature, but it is said that the Confederates have inflicted a severe blow upon the Federals in an action near Port Royal, and that the details 'have been suppressed; but the statement rests only upon the ;authority of private letters. Congress, it is more pleasant to 'write, has assented to a grant for the purpose of sending ,American contributions to our International Exhibition, and 'was "not much moved" by a furious anathema pronounced against us by a gentleman appropriately named Lovejoy, who declared that he hated England, and would swear all his little Lovejoys to a similar feeling. Evidently here are some matriumonial alliances in prospective for the descendants of O'Brien Dc Brassi‡is.

.4agatijThe French troops for the Mexican expedition are now 'embarking, and the rumours that it is intended to consolidate Mexico into a kingdom under "an enlightened despotism," representative institutions having utterly failed to keep adventurers and savages in decent order, are becoming more and more rife, and go to the extent of even designating the Archduke Maximilian of Austria as the King of Mexico, England, it is said, 'waiving all objections in consideration of the gain to humanity which the civilisation of Mexico win afford. It may ube that the idea will be received with something less than favour in the Federal States, but the South lies between Washington and the Mexicans, and would have no objection to see the pre. .'odcnt of the establishment of a new dominion-perhaps none to ;uch dominion being a monarchy.
CAPTURE BY THE CONFEDERATE SHIP SUM LID a OF

TWO FEDERAL MERCHANT BAJIQUES OFF GIBSALT&ft.

.THE gentleman to whom we are indebted for the Illustration on the next page writes as follows from Gibraltar, on the 18th ult.. respecting the subject of his sketch:.-" At 7.30 a.m., Jan. 18, the C1rnfederate war-steamer Sumter, Captain Sammes, was seen from the signal-station to capture a large barqne flying the Union colours, Having taken

tession of her, she proceeded in chase of another, which in h-%If an 00.8111 she also captured. These events occurred chant two leagues from. the shore, She then gradually drifted further into the Mediterranean; and at 2 p.m. one of the prizes burst into flames, and is now ((p.m.) one sheet of fire from stem to stern. The Sumter is now steering towards Gibraltar."

A letter from Gibraltar, dated Jew. 20, published in the  gives

the following interesting account of the Sumter's dclngs aa the Mediterranean, and of the condition of the chip and crew

You will have already heard by telegraph of the arrival or the Satatar in

this bay. On Friday night (the 17th) a message was received here saying that she bad left Cadiz, but that, her course was not known. As the wind was favourable for the passage of vessels through the Straits to the westward, it was thought not unlikely that she would steam for Gibraltar, with the object of intercepting the many Federal merchantmsn homeward bound.

On Saturday morning signal was made from the look-out on the summit of the rock that the Stinter was six miles to the eastward, capturing two large Federal ships. The news, as may be imagined, caused the greatest excitement, and everybody rushed out to catch a glimpse of the privateer and her prey.

 The aeiznro was accomplished easily enough: no defence could be made, A. boat's crew was sent on board, the Federal Sag hauled down, and the thing was done. The cruiser was evidently used to her work. No time was lost In searching the prizes, the few valuable effects were removed, the match was lighted, and in another moment the blazing ship wee faat drifting away with the current. When evening closed the dames were still visible, darting upwards in fitful dashes on the eastern horizon. The first ship taken was loaded with sulphur, consigned, an the master endeavoured to mike out, to Baring brothers; but, as Captain Semmea afterwards remarked, sulphur being the principal ingredient of gunpowder, and its exportation from England Wing just at this time prohibited, it was considered as well to destroy it, especially as the master had no papers to chow. The other vessel taken, a large hargue. proved to be laden with anbeglish cargo; so she was released, and came in here yesterday.

In the evening of Saturday the Sumter anchored in this bay. On Sunday t

went on hoard, most anxious to see the celebrated craft that has led the Federal Navy so dance over so many mites of ocean. When going alongside I could scarcely believe that so poor a vessel could have escaped so many dangers. She is a screw-steamer, with three waste, a funnel strangely out of proportion to her sine, and a tall, black hull, so high gut of water that she gives you the idea of being insufficiently ballasisd. Four lipetmdors peeped iron her aides, and a large 8-inch pivot-gnu was on her main-daub forward. bbofora cite was fitted for her present work she was a paaaonger-ship running between Now Now Orleans and the blnvsnnah. Her unsightly appearance artoos from thu alterations that have been merle in her docks. In order to afford users accoatmodaiion, and to give more cover for the engines and guns, a light, temporary flushdeck has been built over what was originally the only dock of the ship. This raises her an additional ten feet out of water, and at the sante tine d a-art; her meats end funnel. She is crank and leaky. Her cagiest are partially above the lower-deck, and, with the object of preserving thorn from the effects of gunshot, they are surrounded by a cylindrical casing of f-Inch win 1 covered with half-inch bars-r, very poor protection against an 8-inch shit. Her officers and crew number ninety in all. The latter are a hardy eat of fellows, rsstfyfcrsny work-man who would stiolcat nothing. They are of all nationseven the Irish brogue was among them. The commander, Captain Sanmea, is a reserved, determined-locking man, u-hess left hand knawo net what his right doeth He received me. most courteously, and took me over his ship -

It is stated that the Sumter has been seen in Gencose waters, a f tar leagues off the port.
THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

(From oar Special Artist and Correspondent.)

On board the Picket, Chesapeake Bay, Jan. 10.

Tnt Slidell and Meson affair having been satisfactorily disposed of, and the army of the Potomac still being confined to its lines, I have determined to accompany General Bnrnside's expedition to some unknown point down in Dixie, and here I am with five others in a cabin aix feet nothing listening to the leadsman as he chants in monotonous tones "By the deep seven," feeling inch by inch for the channel through n fog that confines the prospect to a fathom or so of steaming water round the vessel. But before .I proceed any further with a description of my voyage I will recur to one or two items connected with my sojourn in Washington, which may be disposed of briefly.

Of course the absorbing topic till within the last twelve days was the probable ground the American Government would take in reference to the demand of England for the surrender of Slideil and Mason. When I last wrote matters bore an exceedingly bellicose appearance, and I for one looked upon a war between the two countries as not improbable; in fact so much was I impressed with its possibility that I intimated to a highly respectable "coloured pnssnn" who takes in washing_that I should require my linen home immediately, ready to pack up. However, "L'hnmme propose et Dien dispose" and this time though Jonathan proposed doing a great deal that, was shocking an& terrible to English ears, he has finished by doing the right thing at last; and so I suppose we may bury the hatchet end smoke the cslcmet of peace.

Well, as diplomatic relations had not been broken off, between

the Court of St. James's end the White House, I assisted to swell

 the crowd of anything but swells who went to pay their respects to the President on New-Year's Day. The diplomatic corps sure first in making t}a morning call de rigneur; then followed he officers of the army and navy; and the mobility, with whom I was, sme last, getting but a feeble shake from the exhausted Presidential send and arm. The Sketch that I have forwarded (engraved on page 119) will give your readers a notion of the disposition of the icene. The President stands close by One of the entrances to the eception-room, having next to him the Officer of Peblic Works, who is laced between himself arid Mrs; Lincoln; the Secretaries are slightly n the rear. The visitors pass -directly in front of the Chief of the 3tste, and each appears to consider it imperative on him to endeavour o squeeze the nails out of the president's fingers, who, by-the-by, ippears to have a pleasant word for everybody, and especially addresses umself to the ladies and children. The whole affair lasts about six inure, and during this time every one remains on foot, making more edious and tiring a ceremony that at any time, or under any oiccuintances, must he a disagreeable one. I presume that what I saw on be occasion was all right- but it appeared to me that scarcely sufficient ispect was shown to the head of the Government by many of those 'ho attended the lvde. This idea especially suggested itself by the ppesrance of a considerable portion of the company, not so much on mount of their fashion of dress as the neglect of their persons, urely tidiness and 'cleanliness are not opposed to republican instituoas; and it would have added to the President's satisfaction had some I the "bunches of fives" been less incrnsted with the "free soil of niericn." The lion of the reception was Judge Haney, from the tar. tory of New Mexico, who appeared in a full hunting costume of serakin, attracting everybody's attention by his picturesque ensemble. ideed, he tells me that no other garments are to be obtained on the sins, and that he adjudicates thus robed, with a rifle on his knee.

 New yd Day is celebrated with great enthusiasm by the Americans cierslly. The custom which requires the ladies of a family to keep ien hOuse for all gentlemen who choose to call grew up in New York, binh city is said to have imported it from Amsterdam, the mother ty. From New York, as a centre, it was widely diffused over the nited States and from private circles it soon spread, in a modified cm, into pub'lie life. In the United States the theory that men in hcisl position are the servants of the people is rigidly acted upon. enoe it because the fashion for the Mayor of a city to receive his friends" on this day-the said friends including everymale inhabitant

the city. In like manner the Governor of the State was held to

.e obligation to "receive" at the State capital. Proceeding one gree higher, the President of the nation falls in with the same remony. The President's reception, as before stated, is divided into in parts-first, a special reception of the diplomatic corps in the renoon, and at noon a general reception of the public of both sexes, to enjoy the honour of a shake of the hands with, or a bow from, e chief "public functionary" of the Union, and the highest embodiant of the Sovereignty of the people. But to go beck to the starting mt.

For some time, as you are aware, there has happened scarcely anytug of Importance on the Potomac, and my residence in the neighnrhocd of heed-quarters staff has been productive of subjects of but tIe interest, with the exception of the fights at Ball's Bluff, Drainsle, and some odd picket engagements. Now the Bnrnsids expedin appears to me the only bellicose entertainment at present on the rds, and its proportions are, infinitely greater-at least, as far as I a glean at present-than the one which went to Port Royal. I have ison to suppose its destination is to some important point on the uthern coast. However, I will not attempt to prognosticate, as scything at present is kept a profound secret from all hut the General command and the chief naval officer. Rely on it, you will hear en me by the first chance I have of sending to you if the Confedees do not succeed in sinking the ship on which I am on hoard. At neat I must close; the fog is clearing up, we are entering Hampton ads, and this short note has to go on board the return steamer,

aeh is leaving immediately for Baltimore. F. V.,
A letter from Hamburg states that considerable quantities of

vrgotablts and trait are regularly imported there front the United Stetse. By

the last two steamers 3600 tons of fine fresh apples had arrived from New York for consumption in Germany.

S

A CONIi'SDIIBATE COaEMISSIONSI1 ON TUE Stivs Tit&Ds,

ZM

Zarletche, now in London, as Commissioner from the Cortfe&mte Stitei. to Doily News, contradicting a statement that he is an advocate of the slave trade. He says I have never advocated the African slave trade. I do not know two public teen in the South of any note who have dons so. The people there are and have been almost unanimously opposed to it. The State laws, so long in force, prove this, and another striking fact. There have net been 100 slaves Imported Into the South from any quarter for the last fifty. three years. I know of but one snail cargo, and never heard of another. The slave trade is earned on between Africa and Cuba alone; Southern men

have nothing to do with it. Yankee captains, Yankee ships, Yankee ship-chandlers, and Yankee capital are the notorious mainsprings of that tr

When in thr late Federal Union, in order to gain now senators to resist Yankee taxation, the South won very desirous of forming new Slave Slates out of the terrircriee. But, being now eat of that Union, there is no such motive, and there are slaves amply abundant,with their Increase, for all our wants. MG State, no prominent neon in the South, wishes to revive the slave trade. No conner heel the Cotton Rates seceded than the Provisional Government eslaldhhcd 1,5- them adopted the Federal laws prohibiting the African slave tends'. This Conetttntlrn has been eshnoitied for ratidos.'lon or rejection to the several States composing the Confederacy, and allthiroesa in nunoher-have ratified it. Not a voice has been raised throughout the entire South ngoinat the prohibitory clause . . . . Tlss'adherenta of Mr. Lincoln eon' end that attn North was detertaineil to prelolbtt slavery in the territories and the South aocrded on that account. That was the Immediate roucr-it woo the spark communicated to the barrel of iowder; but, It was the powder that did the work and was the real cause of the diornplisa. Without, however, going Into a discussion as to the real, and, far deeper, the ulterior causes, let me show that the North, in its avowed position oared nothing for the slave, and only used the elavery question. to obtain a lItieal edvontnge. Its policy did not propose to free a single slave, but top hem as slaves for ever within particular territorial limits, lie policy was that none of the shares of the Union elaoeld be removed to certain lanla of the Union. The reason for that was, that for every new State carve 1 out of thsee territories two senators were added to the Senate. it

 aba territories could he kept for Yankee omigrante the new Stt's eoali es-nd two Northern yenators hi old in the eysrero of lsgh-lstivs rototury of abs prcdnots of slave labour-not in aid of legislative abolition of slaw'-y. For this very reason the Sooth, in self-ilefeate, finding the North for tha liror time malted as a eectlon on that pohiey, deterrnlnsd no longer to hear thy ills of each a Gove–ament It will be perceived that the North was not movedhy o moral but bye political policy, as devoid of honesty its of constitutional principle." In cesmednsion Mr. Yancey 081's a- My mission here is not to ask for at apprevsi of, nor yet to apologise for, the lows of the Conlisitirato States an-I the opinions of Ir people. It is simply to obtain a recogeiiton of theme Slates cc a Onveremncaot. whose people are pro-incers of cotton, tobacco, core. and naval stores, and who desire to offer to manufacturing Europe the haoetits of free trade in the posootni interchange of those valnaitle products for the. woollen, cotton, silk, and hardware fabrics of the Old World, unrestricted nod untaxed by prohibitory tariffs. In view of that great object, any diseusian of the internal or domestic laws of the Confederate States to lrrelevsut. Oar .,35t( m of labour is our own,hsjorlog no other country, ondfor which no ethers are eespoaoible to God or 10 man, and about which we will treat with as country."
Colonel Samuel Colt, the inventor -of the :fa.us ClVs

revolver, died- hit Hartford, Connecticut, on the 10th Ult., in hi forty-eighth

year. It is stated that the wooden -model of his pistol-was- made on

board a vessel while the inventor was on a voyage to Calcntta, in 1829. Re received his first patent in 1839, and established a factory in Paterson, N.J., but met with indifferent success. Colonel Colt afterwards invented a submarine torpedo which was intended for the deatrnetlou of vessels. Re gave two exblbitions of the power of his new invention in the bay off Castle Garden, by blowing up firsts a schooner and afterwards a large brig. He then established a line of telegraph between New York and Sandy Book and Montauk, which was intended to announce the arrival of vessels, end to facilitate the dispatch of important foreign nwe; but this enterprise failed, end Mr. Colt became reduced in circumstances. - A. year or two later he again got possession of his patent for the revolving pistol, and with the assistance of a few capitalists who joined him a company was formed and a manufactory established at Hartford, which has proved very successful, not only in the making of pistols but in the manufacture of a revolving rifle,

which was also the invention of Mr. Colt. -
¥ gut whatever else may betide it is quite certain that grave

questions of international law will arise for discussion. The delicacy of our relations with the contending States of America will render necessary the exercise of all the tact and judgment which the Government have at their command during the ensuing sitting of the Legislature. There is, we believe, little or no concealment of the fact that a section of the House of Commons, composed of men of .?,U patties, will bring thesubject of the blockade of the Southernports, and evei the recognition of the Southern Republic, formally before Parliament. It is hardly less surely ascertained that our Ministry has had

/ to resist no ordinary pressure which has been put upon them in reference to these subjects from a quarter which is not generally famous for taking a denial; and it is no small, tribute to the sdli and temper with which the department of Foreign Affairs is at present conducted in this country that for the present, at least, the strictly neutral policy in American affairs which England has adopted has been triumphant. When, however, a movement which will not bear on the face of it the stamp of mere party motives becomes prominent in the Parliament of Great Britain, it would be too much to expect of human and political nature to suppose that the pressure from abroad will not be renewed with additional vigour of argument, caught from that whiob will be assumed to be a phase of public opinion in this country. In such a case, only too probable, it will need the binding up of every faculty of endurance and determination on the part of the Government to resist the force, the constraining power, and the inlicences brought to bear upon their policy towards America.

Above all things, there should be no dalliance with this question, no hesitancy on their part in their declarations as to the sourre which they intend to pursue. Already the trade and commerce of England has suffered enough by the disturbed condition of the American States; and in this, the beginning of the year, it would be a crime towards those interests if the attitude of the Government was such as to leave a doubt as to what line they propose to take in this important matter. At present our rulers profess and observe that strict neutrality which in embodied in a phrase of Earl Russell when he said that it was the duty of England to allow every nation to settle

its own internal ir'. p4eltUN-Equesulon au_
AMERICA.  \

By the arrival of the Canada we have Boston journals to the 22nd \ ultimo.

THE FEDERAL VICTORY Dr KENTUCKY.

The Confederate General Zollicoffer, who occupied a strong position on the north bank of the Cumberland River, in South-eastern Kentucky finding that General Thomas, at the head of a Federal division of 15,000 men, was menacing his rear, determined to attempt to drive back General Schoepf, whose force of 8000 men was intrenched at Somerset, a little town Six miles north of the Cumberland River. On the 18th the attack took place, and the battle lasted nearly all day. General Zoilicoffer was killed, and his army retreated preciitate1y to tbeirintrenchmenison Cumberland River. On the following day General Thomas came up and followed the Confederates to their intrench-ruents. On Monday, the 20th, he was preparing to storm them, when he found them deserted, the enemy having left all their cannon, stores, 'tents, horses, and waggons in his hands. Even the steam-boat and nine barges the fugitives had used to cross the river were found an..

It is computed that 275 Confederates were killed and wounded, while the Federal loss is acknowledged to have been heavy, one regiment having had seventy-five killed and wounded. General Zollicoffer's body is in the hands of the victors. General Schoepf is a Hungarian refugee, and when the war broke out was holding the humble position of messenger in the Patent Office at Washington.

OTHER MILITARY AND NAVAL HEWS.  -

The Buraide expedition had made its appearance off the coast of

 Worth Carolina.

The movement from Cairo was only a reconnaissance.

The army of the Potomac is said to be held in check by the fathom

less mud of the Virginia roads. The health of General M'CleLlan, though improved, does not yet enable him to be as active as he could wish. Very little is said, of the sanitary condition of the army by the journals. The Washington correspondent of the New York lade

pendent, however, draws a gloomy picture of the camp hospitals:-"Complaints are constantly made and rarely listened to by the proper

authorities. The regular hospitals within the district are in an excellent

condition, but the regimental and brigade hospitals in Virginia are in a

shocking state. The Sanitary Commission does not usually extend its, care to them. In one of them eighty sick men have lain for weeks without bed, straw, sheet, or pillow. Beds and bedding are generally unknown to these places, and the girth of the benevolent never reach them. The sick soldiers pass through the most distressing and long. continued fevers in their usual military clothes."

About 1000 prisoners have been exchanged by the two belligerent Governments.

Mass meetings of German citizens had been held in several places, to denounce the treatment received by General Sigel, of Missouri, at the hands of General Etalleck. The resolutions denounced the narrow spirit of nativisra with which the graduates of West Point were sonmated towards officers of European birth and education.

CONFLIESS.

The Senate have confirmed the appointments of Mr. Stanton and Mr. Cameron to the posts assigned to them by the President.

The Committee of Ways and Means has reported to the House a. National Currency and Loan Bill, which proposes to make 150,000,000 dol. worth of Treasury notes a legal tender, to be convertible-. inici Six per Cent Stocks; also to create a Six per Cent Stock of soo,000;ooo dollars, which is to be used in payment of the floating: debt and for funding the Treasury notes.

Abill to abolish the franking privilege has passed both Houses of

Congress.  -

Kit. CEWABD AND THE PRUSSIAN OovsurmrENr.

In his reply thanking Prussia for her advice, Mi'. Sawaul suggests.

the proprieiy of Prussia improving the occasion to recommend the general policy relative to neutral rights. suggested- by the American. Government to the European States. Re adds that the pCitOd5 when the United States will haveoccasion to act the part of a belligerent wiU probably be few and brief."

THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

Richmond advices report the arrival of the British Steamer Gladiator

at Savannah and the Confederate steamer Vanderbilt at Charleston

both vessels having rim the blockade. The former vessel, which had. been waiting at Nassau for some time, was laden with arms, stores, and

clii;aident Tyler died at Richmond on the 17th ult. after a very

- brief illness. Mr. Tyler was elected Vice-President in 1840 by the Whig party, and succeeded to the presidential office on the death of General Harrison, in April, 1841. - - -  -

A report from New Orleans says that a large meeting of the 'French

- residents was held on the 10th tilt, to devise some means of leaving the

confederate States. A committee was appointed to communicate ',vitli

the Federal forces at Ship Island on the subject.

BRITISH OFFICERS EN ROUTE FOR CANADA.

The British officers who passed through the United States en route for Canada were pleased with the courtesy extended towards them by

- the officials and the people; One of them who -went out by the Canada,. and arrived at Boston on the 10th i, writes a follows

on landing the next-morning the English passengers were no lees delighted,rised to find that the sinister anticipations which we had entarceSued of annoyance from the mob were 80 far from being roaijd tiui',t we were
received with the utmost politeness and courtesy. The whole of the baggage

waspermitted to pass through the Custom House without examination, and in

no stogie instance was passport demanded, while, accustomed as I am to the attention and courtesy which a stranger usually receives in an American city, I was most agreeably astonished, so soon after the surrender of the Cornssisciooer, and in the very place of their late imprisonment, to be welcomed with a friendliness and a warmth which left nothing to be desired.

On the journey from Boston to Buffalo by the New York Central

Railway and its connections, the "conversation of the passengers on the

topic of the day confirmed the opinion which I had formed at Boston,

that a great reaction had set in in favour of England."

CALIFOItBIA.

The State Legislature, which meets at Sacramento city, had adjourned to allow the water to subside. The people of San Franciaoo had sent; aid to the distressed citizens in cooked provisions and clothing. The American River, on which the city lies, rose at one time fifty feet. Very heavy rains continued to fail, and it was expected that the annual gold products of Oalfornia would be reduced by millions of dollars. Onagon and Washington Territory had been similarly visited
BELLIGERENTS fl BItETIS PORTS.-An important letter: has

been addressed by Earl Russell to the Lords of the Admiralty laying down very stringent rules with regard to American vessels of war or privateers which may enterBritieh ports. No such vessels will be permitted to enter anof tire Bahama Islands without special leave of the LieutenantG-71.11-0.1'r ; and with reference to all British ports, whether in the United Xingdom or in the colonies, the vessels alluded to will not be allowed to obtain any of the facilities for warlike equipment; and, when a ship belonging to one belligerent has sailed, twenty-four hours must elapse before a ship belonging to the other belligerent may also leave the harbour.The fleet result of these instructions has been to get rid of the two visitors who have so long oututaid their welcome in Southampton waters. The Nahvflle is off, and the Tuscarora after her. The Tuscarora put to sea on Saturday, returning to Yarmouth Roads on Monday morning. Captain Eeegrssn, taking advantage of her return, at once notified to the Admiralty iii intention to sail, and thus obtained the twenty-four hours' startof his adversary. The Nashville steamed oCt on Monday afternoon, and when last seen she had made the passage of the Needles, and was 11 standing away for sea with all sail." A despatch states that the frigate Shannon had token up a position near the Federal ship Tuccarora, with the view of preventing her from following the Nashville before the expiry of the twentyfour hours prescribed. Captain Feagram and his officers seem to have kept their secret well, nothing whatever being known as to the destination of the Nashville. A large steamer has been seen off Caps Clear. She showed neither colours nor name, but from her general appearance and movements sire as suspected to be either a Federal or a Confederate war-vessel,
P 13 the Politics UbetQMemewemay±ecerdtha in the fortunes of the American War there appears to have been, for the first time, a change in favour of the North. An engagement has taken place in Somerset County, in the State of Kentucky, where the Confederates, with a comparatively small force, made a dash to break the line which the Northern Generals seem to be seeking to draw around their antagonists. The fight was protracted, and, as usual, the numbers of the slain are in curiously small proportion to that of the combatants and of the hours during which the struggle is said to have "raged." But at length the death of the Southern General and a decided movement b the overpowering force of the North turned the day, and the Confederates fled, leaving their slain and many of their wounded. The Commander-in-Chief has had other foes to deal with, and has actually been compelled to submit to an examination before a Congress Committee as to his plans of the campaign. It is satisfactory to learn that the intelligent civilians. who sat in judgment on General M'CleUan were pleased to. admit that be seemed to know what
he nnicrn of the Council j Certain of the organs of the South write in rather a despairing way as to the condition of its army; but there is no sign of compromise, and no doubt the strongest efforts will be made to hold out until it can be ascertained whether France and England, or either, will interpose by mediation or by an infraction of the blockade.

A semi-ministerial admission that the three Powers-England, France, and Austria-disbelieve in the fitness of Mexico for self-government, and that two of them will take an active part in the establishment of a monarchy under an &ustrianArchduke, has occasioned considerable "sensation ;" but as the topic must receive ample consideration in both Houses of Parliament it may be well to delay judgment upon this new and boidmeamire. Were the Northern States at peace, we imagine that so unceremonious a disregard of the Monroe doctrine would rouse a storm which under existing circumstances it may be convenient to postpone. -
OPENING- OF PARLIAMENT.

Boyal Commission. great iced wnlcn

The Imperial Parliament was Uened ebb Qhg8day afternoon by

Consort deprived the. carenoniaFfi! all the

cur with, which it is ordinarily associa e public mind

There plendid procession, no g to catch a glimpse of

the Queen, no hsi ' t scene ouse of Lords. The noble Lords who were included ommission went down privately to their

¥and ~~67M,- ted the attendance of the House of and 7Zd 2, Speaker. accompanied by

r' - '9 S er'

their Lordships baa

r.

th- m.m ~,nd2

=Pof theVinisters and o The Loan

TIM QUEEN'S SPERC My LORDS AND GENTLEXEN,

We are commanded by her Majesty to assure you :that her Majesty is

persuaded that you will deeply participate in the affliction by which her

Majesty has been overwhelmed by the calamitous, untimely, and irreparable

loss of her beloved consort, who has been her comfort and support.

It has been, however, soothing to her Majesty, while suffering most acutely under this awful dispensation of Providence, to receive from all classes of her subjects the most cordial assurances of their sympathy with her sorrow, as well as of their appreciation of the noble character of him the greatness of whose loss to her Majesty and to the nation Is so justly and so universally felt and, lamented.

We ore commanded by her Majesty to assure you that she recurs with

confidence to your assistance and advice.

Her Majesty's relations with all the European Powers continue to be friendly and satisfactory; and her Majesty trusts there is no reason to apprehend any disturbance of the peace of Europe.

A question of great Importance, and which might have led to very serious consequences, arose between her Majesty and the Government of the United States of North America, owing to the seizure end forcible removal of tour passengers from on board a British mail-packet by the commander of a ship of war of the United Stbtco; but that question has been satisfactorily settled, by the restoration of the passengers to British protection and by the die. avowably the United States' Government of the act of violence committed by their naval officer.

 The friendly relations between her Majesty and the President of the TJstited

States have therefore remained unimpaired.

Her Majesty warmly appreciates the loyalty and patriotic spirit which have been manifested on this occasion by her North American subjects.

-----r..

Earl G-RANVILLE expressed his ss.tisfaetion at the coarse which Lord Derby

had taken, and said that throughout the whole of the differences with the

American Government her Majesty's Government had entertained but one

desire, and that was the preservation of the neatrality of the csnatry, so far

as the internecine disputes with America were concerned, but not at the cost of dishonour to the British name. The moment the outrages upon the Trait occurred the Government felt that they had, but one duty to perform, end that was instant and satisfactory reparation; and it afforded him the utmost pleasure to find that in the course they had taken they had been anaalmonsly

-------- . ..._,_._u- .....- ..........

Earl RUSSELL stated that all the papers which related to the lLenerican

difficulty and to the affairs of Mexico should at an early day be laid before Parliament. He expressed his satisfaction at the manner in which the efforts of the Government to maintain the honour of the British Sag had been supported by the country, and drew a contrast between the unanimity which prevailed on the present occasion with what had, been the course adopted in former times when, whatever might be the proposition which might be sub. issitted by thus Ministers, it would be sure to mast with the dissent of the Opposition. Adverting to the present position of American affairs, he stated that there could be no doubt, from the rapid success which had attended the efiorts of the Confederates to break the blockade, that it was of a most ineffectual character, but at the same time the Government had no desire to press hardly on the Northern States, but hoped that they would be able themSalves to settle their difficulties with the Southerners. Whether this struggle ended in the total disruption or in more firmly cementing the Union, her Majesty's Government would feel that they had dons their duty to both sides by ,raservin a strict neutralit  ¥

¥ HER MAJESTY'S SPEEOH.'-THE ADDRESS.

The Speaker ha-sing read her Majesty's most gracious Speech,

Mr. PoivrOd:AR, who was reesived with cheers, rose to move that an humble

Address be presented to her Majesty in answer to her most gracious Speech.

.¥.  _ ¥,_ __,  1 .1 . ,,,,,fl .. e1 _l., ¥,
HOUSE OF LORDS.-TauRSDAX.

Their Lordship resumed aj five o'clock.

RIM MAJRSTY'S SPEECH.-THE ADDRESS.

The Royal Speech hdving been read by the Lord Chancellor and again by the clerk at the table,

Lord iwgEn moved an Address In reply, which, as usual. was a sue

echo of the Speech from the Throne, 116 a u n realm  58

e death r , and described, the House, those ,ecu]1ar char en r response from . to the nation e next referred to

characterle wermleulogteed, Adverting to America, he pointed out the ties of Interest and parentage which bound us to the United States, and

=ied his approval of the neutral attitude,the Government had assumed 10= very outbreak of the civil war now desolating that country. He regarded the dlspntes which had arisen between the ortJaern and Southern. States as the result of an incompatibility of temper but, at the same time, he held that her Majesty's Government, in the wise precautions they had taken to protect. the vast commercial interests of the nation and to maintain unimpaired the prestige of our naval prowess, had received the full sympathies of every British subject. Amid loud cheers from all tided of the House, he briefly adverted to the patriotism, and determined spirit which had been manifested by Canada when a war with the United States appeared even more than imminent. In conelusion, ho expressed a hope that the course her Majesty's Government had taken, in conjunction with Trance and Spain, in reference to the abate of Mexico, would result in the esbehlJehnisnt of order and the resumption of commercial t-ranqnilli . MeThouglii ou iTTy Tj3lhInails y been product to the country; e that if her MajeSty'S Government parsueaedfiiatory policy they  nimone support

 he Earl o Sifl,muumeg briefly seconded the Address.

The Earl of DEnY concurred with the mover and seconder of the Address in the tribute they had paid to the memory of Prince Albert; and said he felt that the peculiar clrcnmstancsauncler which they lead met rendered it most desirable that there should be no unnecessary differentee of opinion. With regard to the American difficulty, he was bound to admit that her Majesty's Government had no alternative in the course they had taken. The moment they found that the act of- Captain Wilke was not sanctioned by international law, a grave, serious, and Imperative duty devolved upon them from which they could not shrink. However great sight be the horrors of war, far greeter must be the ignominy of forfeiting the honour of the country. He deeply regretted the course which the Federal Government bed taken, because, although they had assented to the jest demands of this country, they had done so with a very ill grace, though feeling that they were in the wrong. and had placed themselves, their Government, and their people in a posltioie of undeserved humiliation. They had yielded not to their own sense of justice but to a demand by force, because they knew that this country would be satisfied with no lees. Yet, though he approved the course the Government had taken in retorenh to the American difficulty, he thought they ought to be cautious how they entered upon negotiations which bed for their object an alteration in the principios _upon which international law was now regulated _ _ney

I- -- - ---  He remarked

that there was one question of deep Importance which might have led to serious consequences, and that was the differences which had arisen between this country and the United States. The pacific conclusion of the question was, he believed, due to the prompt and vigorous measures which had been taken by her Majesty's Government. The insult was one

 > which no nation could have allowed to pass unatonad for. It was a breach

of international law and an Insult to the British flag. -, Bat the coarse taken by her Majesty's Government was the one that was beth calculated to maintain peace and to assert the dignity of this couutr. It was gratifying to find that the tone adopted by her Majesty's Government had been followed by the

- Government of the United States. He did not wish to say anything invidious

or irritating on this subject, but he might be permitted to remark that the

attitudes of the two peoples were essentially different-that, whilst great numbers of the citizens of the United States were desirous of pnshiag matters to extremity, the people of this country desired, in the first instance, to ascertain the rights of the case, and, having once done so, they evinced a stern determination to demand reparation, and, if necessary, to enforce that reparation. Happily, the difficulty had been settled without entering Into a war, and he was sure that the course which had been pursued by her Majesty's Government had received the full approval of the large majority of the nation. One of the principal results which lead followed the manifestation of feeling in the United States had been the display of loyalty evinced by her Majesty's Subjects in British North America, showing that they could appreciate the wise and liberal form of government under which they lived and under which they enjoyed the fullest civil. and religious liberty. This country had received from our ally the Emperor of the Trench a-proof of friendship by the readiness with which be had expressed his concurrent opinion on this matter; and he believed that the prompt and unhesitating expression of that opinion had gone far towards the solution of the difficult question. It was gratifying to find that daring this painful struggle we had preserved tho strictest economy; and, although he regretted the suffering and distress which existed amongst the manufacturing population, be believed the exigencies of the case would only give an additional impetus to British energy and be the means of opening new fields whence a siefilcient supply of cotton: could be derived. There was another result on which he might congratulate the House, and more particularly hon. gentlemen opposite,

, arid that was the success which had attended the organisation of our

naval reserve I Tue non- member flOXt aoverrco to oar resanone wian Mslb -

sLaunv tarn nth a,nlv nhi,.p.t was to obtain redress: and, with respect to r
Mr. B lt&jcnI expressed

coatat in the Speech from the Throne, both upon our domestic affairs and foreign relations, mast be regarded with satisfaction by the Rouse nt large. In the threatening aspect of American affairs he most cordially recogui cot the propriety ofthecouczetacenbyherMajestv'eGovernmsnt in preserving a airier neutralityand he wnpeond of the dignified and honeurable attitude takrn by her Majeety's Government towards the Northern Statef in the late difficulty, while he admitted that the American Government had, all things C'insldared, met the qeestion at issue in a fair and honotarable manner. With regard to the dispute between the Northern and Southern States, he thought all that the former lied a right to demand of this country was that we should not recognise the independence of the latter' prematurely and without due consideration. Taken in connection with the interposition in the affairs of

Mexico, he considered this part of the question to be of the greatest im-portance, and he called upon the Government to lay before the Hones all the

informatioa in their possession on the subject of the blockade. Re regarded the announcement made by the Government of their part; in the Mexican intervention with very great anxiety, for this country was the diet to recognise the independence of Maxine when she rebelled against Spain; and, although it had at first been stated that the grounds of interference were thQinseourity of property anti the noa-eettleae

of British claims much more  nsivereasons badsince been assigned.

- Lord PALacaRsToli could not permit some of the remarks made by the right ho n. gentleman to pass unaeticed. With regard to the dispute between the American States, the noble Earl at the bead of the foreign Office lied shown a discretion, a temper, and a dignity which mast be gratifying to the countryequal to the occasion, and not exceeding it. Prom the outset of the dispute her Majesty's Government had preserved a strict neutrality, and from that strict neutrality it was not their intention to depart. They regretted the commercial and manufacturing distress to which the unhappy state of affairs had given rise in England; but they were not prepared, because of that distress, to depart from the course of conduct which theyhad hitherto pursued.

With regard to the Mexican intervention her Majesty's Government had me

other motive of action than that which iad been openly assigned, anti were no party to any, design of changing the form of government and imposing upon the Mexican people a form of government which might not he accept able to them. wifh zcsrenoe w ow,ee,ee sew u Ueg5E Cr

i Ia M4,,f,. ,.,,. .... , ,
