AMERICA.

By the arnval .,f die

"St. Geurge we have tel.%nt frnn Niw Viek và lspe law- to the evethn vi the 23rd ult. BZIfl(JEpj20r OPEBATrONS.

The CcaJctjmntc nutcie a bold dath on the 14th ult., with a force vi taTairy end artillery. in the rear ci! General ?tt'ClouIan's army. They yteso.! rucind is right flank, cut the tejegraph wires, and ianzv4I tt

II

tt,

,railway from West Point. They also dccctioyej foreeg end tents. took many priececee, and retreated safely.

tknn-al MCteBaxee stay belcit Ritatnezad bait bten rSferoo'l by
the corps under General M'Dewsll. The weather was fine and the

reads firm.

The Confederates opened fire upon the Federal fleet n City Point, on James River, but the batteries were silenced by the Federals.

General Jackson's forces are concentrated at Herrisonburg and P0

Republic, in the valley of the Shenandoah. He has been reinferestj. General Frement was falling back on Mount Jackson.

General Morgan of the Federal army, reports, under date of the 18th, that he thai day marched upon and occupied Cumberland gap, which the enemy evacuated fear hours before his. arrival. This gap is a pass in the Comb erland mountains, at a point where the boundary lines of the States of Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee converge.

A meagre telegram from Caps Race announces that a bloody battle. was fought near Charleston on the 10th, with. heavy loss on both sides. The latest issue of the Charleston Ahiociery expresses apprs. bensien for the safety of the city.

The Confederates, 65,000 strong, were reported to be concentrated at Grenada, Mississippi. Some fighting had taken place in the neigh.. beurboed of Baton Rouge, but the result was unknown. General Peps had discontinued his pursuit of Beauregerd, who was la-.t hear,! of at Msutgemery, on his way to Richmond.

Vieksburg on he Mississippi, still held out against the Federal flotilla, which is about to be re creed by the mortar fleet from Ncy4 Orleans.

It is aenfinned that the British prize-ship Cireaoeisn had been condemned at Key West.

At New Orleans one men had been hanged for hauling down the

Federal flag from the Mint. At Memphis the Federal sentinels had received orders to sheet any parson attempting to lower the Federal flag or to molest Union citizens.

waanneuroae.

On the 17th the bill for the abolition of slavery in the territories of the United States finally passed Congress. It is as follows

To the net that freedom may to and remain for ever the fruidameutet law

of the land In all places whstoesver so foe as it lies within the power or

depends epoii the onion of the Government of the United States to make it so, therefore he it enacted, he., that from end after the pessege of this Act there stout he neither slavery user involuntary tervitude in any of the territories at site Unitedtateo new existing, or which may et any time hereafter be formed or aeqaianl by the United States, otherwise than in punishment of crime,

luereef the 1surby shall have been 'daly convicted.

A bill to free from servitude the slaves of certain "rebel" leaders was passed in the House by a vote of 82 against 54.

Secretary Chase has announced that the 1t[ieeissipi and its tribu-taries are open for legitimate trathe as far as Mempins.

Prior to the departure of Lord Lyons from Washington he presented Mr. Stewart, First Secretary of the Legation, to the State Departinent, where he won duly recognised as Chargé d'Afl'aireo during his Lordship's absence.

oeraoxttawxovs.

let. Pierre Scull had arrived in New York, and was, ineareeraW in

Fort Lafayette.

Mr. Appletan Oskesnith, after a trial of five clays, had been found guilty by a New York jury of participating in the save trade. The, punishment for the crime is five years' confinement in the Slate prison and a fine of 5000 dollars, or in default of payment one year's additional imprisonment for each 1000 dollars.

The export of specie to Europe continues, the steamer Oily of

Washington alone having taken 2,400,000 dollars
American news is full of incident, though the results of recent operations do not seem to be important. General Jackson defeated General Shields, the Federal, on the 0th of June, with much loss on both sides; but ,Tackson's manmuvrcs were masterly, and he joined his chief near Richmond. From that quarter there had jcen a dash of Confederates, who had skirmished with the Unionists, and had taken a more menacing attitude. The Confederates also made a brilliant rtoczia on the 13th, turned the right flank of the Federals, cut up the waggontrains, killed the persons in charge, and made many prisoners. Some bombardment, apparently of no great importance, is reported, and we hear of a battery on White River. Beauregard was entirely ruined, and his army scattered and demoralised, at the last mail but one; but at the last mail of all he was at Okalona with 80,000 men, a "resuscitation" more wonderful than that which is drawing all the town to Drury Lane. General Butler adheres to his rufflanly New Orleans proclamation against the women, and a reign of terrorism seems to be established both there and at Memphis. The house of Representatives has passed a bill for confis.eating the slaves of rebels, a step which must involve very, important considerations. To whom do the slaves belong, or are they freed 7 If net, Uncle Sam himself becomes their owners, and places himself where the great serfewner in Russia, the Emperor. has refused to believe it safe to remain. If they arc to be freed, the General who sought to disarm rebellion by a recent proclamation of e similar effect may complain of rather harsh treatment in having been so severely eeosured for "atrocious injustice." We may add that what src called the .horrors of war are now beginning to be understood by those whose churches are converted into hospitals, and whose friends return, when they return at all, fearfully mutilated by the newer and deadlier engines of war.
Teru CIVIL Wuoe ix AeelemeA.-Lord Beoouotuot eltereit a few re-men, ito felt tt woo tmpeeottle foe Iwo Mujeoty'e Government

to Interfere, but rope-owed oil earnest hope that tlieAnwrleaoo theeeeeireo moult i-reogiiiue the eutotelot etoeroetre of the conflict nod come to some errelegomoet before ttwy eotirely ultoeioted from theenuel-ree the ceopeot cad affection at -

'2tiei CoaL Wuje IN Awmeeeo-Leev Pae,oeeieerox (tie reply to ii rle0030ton

by fir. Hop-MI, Wteetteer, ore venous eeoetdenetteee, Cto-rermueet intend to fete oey etepe to eeieeuveer to pet no end to the civil veal to Aneentee i), potet ft 0-erie tribute to the hereto patience with which the open tt'eeo of the cotton-eeeeeudouofortug dtoteteto had borne their pctvotleee, but noh,rttttei that any interference on our feet between the Northern unit Southern States might produce roe ether effect then ore epprierotton of their oeffertngo. The (tureen. meets of Segtrued and France would be delighted to offer their meiltabion it they oem icy preepret that such a step would be welcomed no the ether side of the Atloetto feet, for the present, lee could only my thest, if at any future time there should bees fair opening fee friendly ceeunot, it uroejlel he the dung' of the Government, as well met grout pte050eo to take advantage of it.
ILLUSTRATION OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

Cnn Special Artier and Correspondent, in his last letter from the Mississippi Flotilla, writes as follows respecting the subject of the aceompaupog Engraving:-"1 take it that the opening the Ilissisair cm not the least important among the molly movements of the Federal forces; indeed, it appears tome that Peace and Commerce, hand in band, will float down its bload bosom in the wake of the fletilla, restoring confidence on their stay by

recalling the suffering disaffected to their former avocations: Already

numbers of refugees from the Confederate strongholds below us have penetrated through the submerged female in 'dug onte,' and have requested to be allowed to take the oath of allegiance to the old Government. Their description of the condition of the Southern cities would scarcely indicate

thatising or that its confidence is great in the M .... suo=gglesoro: ed=gy. They say that the more quiet and law-abiding :pastioI of the people are crushed and held in subjection by the military authorities, end that hundreds would welcome the appearance of the Federal fleet and the restoration of their former condition of order and prosperity. No doubt the destruction of property will be great on the approach of the flotilla, but this will be simply because the citizens are powerless to prevent it; and I sin strengthened in this opinion from a conversation I have had with a Memphis merchant who is on the cane bat so myself. Poaalbly, however, these fugitives may wish to represent matters to the Federal commander in a rostcur de rose tint, and therefore their statements should perhaps be accepted with considerable reservation; yet I cannot conceive they would fly from their bones and seek the protection of Uncle Sazicbsd not, their convictions
undergone a change, and their confidence in Jeff Davis and his power to

sustain his Government been greatly duniniehed."
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Etna and Nova Scotienwe have news till the 1st inst.

)IZLLIGE5IENT OPrntkTIoieS.

The Confederates had made another onslaught on the right wing of the Federal army before Richmond. On the 26th nit., the Confederates having been reinforced by General Stonewall Jackson, attacked the Federele with heavy force. After two days' herd fighting Genetic!

M'Cleilen found it necessary to withdraw his forces across the Chioka., hominy, evacuating White House, but ,savinga the'micte±iel stored there. His army is now massed between the James arid OSiekahonnig Rivers, with the former as a base of operations.

The forces of Generals Fremont, Banks, and M'Dowell have been consolidated into one army, and General Pope has been assigned to the chief command. General Fremont asked to be relieved front his commend because of this arrangement, President Lincoln acceded to his request, end appointed General Rufus Ring m his place.

The Southern account of the sharply-contested battle befdre Charleston has been received. The Confederates claim the victory. Their account is as follows:

.5. severe tattle took place on the 16th on Jnnea bland, four miles from thin city (Cbsrlesceio). Five regiment, of Federal', with artiliory, attacked our

• batteries at gcceooioneillo, Colonel Laoigr ooiujnonded the Confederates, and

- with a few hundred coon repulsed the enemy three times with great ,daughter. The encniy fought bravely, but were defeated. Onr victory toes complete. The eneosy'a loss is supposed to be about 400, including forty prisoners. Oar lass was 40 killed and 100 wounded, including one Colonel. We buried on the field 100 Federals.  -

 The Federal accounts admit the defeat and acknowledge a lose'ef 660 killed, wounded, and missing. The Federals were obliged to retreat under cover of their gun-boats. It is stated that General Benhsm win be court-msrbiailed for disobeying orders in attacking the batteries before Charleston. -

It is reported from New Orleans that Fort Morgan, at the entrance; to Mobile Bay, had capitulated to Commodore Porter.

On White River, in Arkansas, four gun-boats and a transport, having on beard one regiment, engaged and captured two batteries, with a lose of 150 men scalded or drowned by the blowing up of a T boat. The Confederate loss was about the same, The Whito

il-er is now open to commerce.

WASscncGTOIt.

President Lincoln had sent to the Senate a treaty made by Mr. Corwin, the American Minister in Mexico, loaning to the Government. of Juarer 11 000,000 dole.

The War bepaitment in order to stimulate recruiting, had offered 2 dole. premium tend one month's pay in advance to all recruits.

The Post-office Department has concluded an arrangement with the Esmhnrg, Bremen, injd Liverpool lines of stoamora by which the fastest steamers of each of those lines are accepted for the. United States' mail service throughout the year, thus securing a fast steamer for the conveyance of the mails, on Saturdays from New York, and on Wednesdays from Soutbampten or Liverpool. This arrangement had long been pressed on the department by the commercial interests.

In the House of Representatives, the bill for the further issue of 160,000,000 dole, in Treasury notes was paseedby 76 against 413. The Senate's amendments to the Paciflc'Railrcad Bill were concurred in. The House also concurred in the Senate's amendments to the bill prohibiting polygamy in the territories. The offence is punishable by a fine not exceeding 500 doE, and imprisonment for five years. Abill "increasing temporarily the duties on imports" has been reported by the Committee of Ways and Means: it largely increases the duties on iron, ironware, coal, drugs, dry goods of all kinds, fancy goods, and miscellaneous articles generally.

The provisions of the Confiscation Act are very sweeping. They confiscate the slaves of all persons engaged in the military or civil service of the Confederate or separate State Governments of the Seceding States.

FEW ORLEANS.

General Butler is still carrying things with a high hand in this city, rem' men have been hung for falsely representing themselves as Federal officials, and in this character searching houses and stealing articles therefrom,

The controversies with the foreign Consuls continue. . General Butler lays down the law that no foreigner has a right to buy sugar of "rebel" owners and pay for it by bills drawn on England. General Bailer desires that the Consuls should not units to present joint and argumentative protests to him. The Consuls have unanimously protested against the oath demanded by General Butler of ferigners. General Bailer defends the course he has taken, and politely suggests that if foreign residents do not like the treatment they receive they can leave the country, which they were never in-sited

to visit.

s.slsonaaAwnous.

The judgment against the British steamer Ciroaseian declares that papers were found on board giving conclusive proof of an intention to run the blockade.

As the municipality of Norfolk still refused to take the oatls

of . allegiance to the Federal Government martial law had been

proclaimed.

The people of Illinois, by direct popular vote, have adopted amendments to their Constitution which prevent negroes and mulattos front oettling in that State.

- Gold had risen to 9 premium.
PORT PILLOW.

WE give, at page 87, two Illustrations by our Special Artist of tine important etrooghold-by some esteemed the strongest position 01 the ldieeioexppi-which the Confederates abandoned on the fith ult. Some particulars of the strength and peeltion of Pillow are given by the cerroepondent of the New York Tribune. "The Bohemians," he toys, 'were early on the ground, and began rambling up and down the Bluff, through ravines and over hills, examining the batteries, the ,deserted camps, and the ruined barracks, sketching the situation, enterleg magazines, and doing l the necessary but disagreeable duties that appertain to their avocation. The situation of the Mississippi at Pillow is most favourable for defence. The river at Oraighead Point makes a very sadden bead, routing nearly north and south, and narrowing so remarkably that at the lower end of the works it la not more than half a mile wide, and at their first batteries is about tbree-quarters of a mile; bringing all beats within easy range of their guns, and ranelering their escape almost an impossibility. Below the point there are two large sandbars which render navigation quite difilault. The fort, by which I mean the series of fortifications, is on the first Chiokaaaiv Bluff is composed of nine different works, ding about half aooile. The bluff is some Soft. high, vary precipitous and ragged, furnishing an excellent location for defence. The sand at the base of the bled! and on the bank, at some distance from the river, are very well and carefully built for about fifty gene. The country about the feat me exceedingly uneven and rough, and presents the most loxesadablo obstacles to pedestrians 'everywhere. There are deep ravines, steep ascents, mid gorges, sudden and unexpected declivitiea on every hand; while in the rear of the fort there is an unbroken line of heavy and carefully-built breastworks, some seven miles in length, to resist say and all attacks by land. These breastworks are for superior, considering their length, to any others which I have seen during the war. Usually they are merely thrown-up embankments of earth; but these

see regularly and scientifically made, with broad parapets, heavy

escarpments, and oountersoarps neatly lined with timber and firmly

secured by deeply-driven posts."
LO2%'DOP: SATURDAY, JULY 12, 1862.

Trnriss bus been fighting about five miles from Charleston, but the affair, although of course dignified into "a battle," and sensationised with a very strong adjective, was not important, nor was there much slaughter. Some g-un-boat business is loosely reported, and we are told of one really fearful catastrophe-a Confederate shot having shattered the steam-drum of a Federal vessel, and nearly all who were on board having perished, either by scalding or drowning. Of other operations the news is too vague to be worth transcription. The Federal. army before Richmond was said to he suffering most severely from fever, and it was even rumoured that General MClellan himself bad been seized by it. The Legislature had, however, performed n far more important act than had been achieved by the Generals Loathe newtariff, which is almost prohibitoryof foreign importations, is a measure which will array all the mercautil

interests of England and France against the Union. Should this now enactment upon further examination sustain the character at present attributed to it the French and Enia

Goverumnts will find it difficult to abstain from a recoguitioft of the South. We have to 'add that General II oiler, whose
itThnnl proclamation against the ladies of New Orleans La defended by some of the New York journals, is embroiling liinsc]f with foreign Consuls there in a way that may make it necessary to interfere somewhat promptly with proceedings conceived in the united spirit of a low attorney and a brutal cateran.
• THE TEXTILE MANUFACTURES IN THE .INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION - BRITISH AND ronoeiqw.

Have we net seen how the very anticipation of even a short supply 'of one of these materialscotton alone-has agitated the lending nations of Europe ?-how the immense monopoly which one portion -of the earth has been permitted to enjoy in the production of this

/ new indispensable material has led to an arrogant assumption of a right to defy the laws of a great federation and trample on the freedom of a suction of mankind unrestrained and unchecked F Such is the importance to which the great development of one portion of the textile industry of Great Britain has attained in our day that it was supposed that Englishmen would become accomplices in a great trims rather than allow the possibility of any limitation to its progce3s.

Aehworth, have not been idle during the decade in endeavouring to

draw public attention to the question of a supply of ootton from some

source over which we have more control than that of the Southern States of America, but with what n poor result until the calamity of a dearth was upon us! The ether day Mr. Baeley celled the attention of an influential audience at the Royal Institution to the subject, especially pointing out the Island of Jamaica as a source whence we might expect a good supply of cotton of a suitable staple; it may, therefore, not be without interest to see what we said in these pagee on this very subject when considering the cotton exhibits in the Great Exhibition. The views then expressed (May 31, 18.51) ware:-"Meat the Southern States of America cannot continue to supply our wants, a, hitherto with any degree of certainty, seems a settled question with these cello beet understand the peculiar position of the United states, and at the same time take into consideration the requirements of our manufacturers; apart from the fact that it would be unwise to continue to suffer the immense population of our cottonmanufacturing districts to depend upon an institution so uncertain in its character as slavery certainly is, for any movement which might take piece in the Slave States of the American Union, by which itspresent eervilepopulatienehouldtomperarily euependtheir indnetrlal'pureoite as cultivators of cotton, would inevitably toll with frightful effect upon the industry of the north of England and of Scotland in the eMansion of trade forthewantofrawmatorial. This question, therefore, of the source whenee ourfutureoottonenpplyieto come ieofiuilnitelymoreimporianoo ins, national and social point 01 = than at first sight appears; for it is a fact which cannot be too often brought forward for the consideratienof 'the powers that be,' both home endoolonial, that the great staple trade of probably one-third of the population of England and Scotland is mainly dependent., at the present time, for employment and almost for existence upon the worst institution of modern times, the slavery of the Southern States of America; and, without Cocking to become alarmists, it would be a dereliction of duty net to take au opportunity like the present to endeevotsr to bring this fact more prominently forward than hitherto. With our East India possessions, with Natal, and many of our colonies, particularly some of the West India Islands, where cotton is indigenous to the soil, but where it has been neglected for far lees profitable and important matters, we may, if those who guide our affairs think fit, do great things towards supplying our own wants ; and, whilst contriving to kcep up our tecle with the Uoitgd States, to be lees dependent upon them, and. induce them to supply even their own wants in a more satisfactory way then at present."

 The writer subsequently visited the United States in a capacity

which enabled him to examine thoroughly into the industrial pursuits of thepeoplo. Hisimpreeeiensastethe dangercfthoBritiehoottonmannfactors continuing, for all practical pmposes, solely dependent upon the Slave Slates of America for the supply of raw material were confirmed, and to-day we see the very calamity foreshadowed in the passage of the quotation from these pages of eleven years ago, a etorn reality; nor did it require the gift of prophecy to see this. Had our micro boon statesman for the present and future, instead of followers of a dead pact in routine and. precedent, or had our Manchester friends shown a little mors logical foresight at au pamliel to that shrewdness and intelligence which they display in every-day matters, they must have soon the error, to nee a familiar illustration, of "placing all their eggs in one basket," apart altogether from their unintentional complicity with a system w'leich it in rovoltin; to contemplate, and which has borne, and will continue to boar, its own bitter Laite. The taunt which Englishmen had to put up with when visiting the United Stoles, that "cotton ruled England, and the Southern States ruled cotton," is now a thing of the past. We mast proceed at once to help ourselves; for we venture to predict, and with the certainty of a reo.lieation quite as full as that which has followed the warning of 1851, that whenever England gels cotton again from the Southern States of America it will be the result of a cultivation of the soil by five men cud women, unstained by the brand of slavery. Half a goneration, which is quite as short a period as we can expect, may elapse before this change can ha affected, but it is as inevitable as Tenth and no inexorable as Justice.
TEE CASE OF TEE EMILY ST. PIERRE.

The official correspondence respecting the above vessel has been pubtislicil

On the 24th of April Mr. Adams wrote to Earl Russell on the subject, and transmitted certain depositions relating to her seizure. Mr. Ads's coutemeded that the act committed by Captain Wilson, the master of the neutral vessel entailed her confiscation and that of the cargo, and asked that directio5 might be given for their restoration.

On the 7th of May Earl Russell replied that, having taken the opinion of the law officers, the Government were unable to comply, inasmuch as acts of forcible resistance to the rights of belligerents on the high seas were net cog. ulsable by the municipal law of England, however punishable as offences against international law in the prize courts of the captor administering such law.

Mr. Adams replied by quoting the language of Lord Stoweli, by which he considered the restoration of the vessel to sailed for, and by pointing to the language of her Majesty's proclamation, which, be thinks, was intended t

apply to precisely such mess as this.

The Foreign Minister rejoined that Lord Stowell'a language was limited to the action of a prize court of the captor; and does not extend to the muuiclpoa law of a neutral country. - Chancellor Kent is quoted at some length % b the noble Lord, who concludes by Saying that the meaning of the pro.

1

c ation was that any breach of the statute would be punished under ties

statute by the same national authority by which the statute was enacted.

In a despatch which occupies three pages and a half of the printed return Mr. Adams reviews the arguments of the noble Lord and what he considers the recognised doctrines of international law, coming to the conclusion that she claim for the restoration of the ship rests on the soundest principles of equity and law. The restitution, he says, of Messrs. Mason and Slidell was lot required by any portion of the municipal law of the United States, and the Untied States' Government restored them simply because the seizure seemed to have been wrongful as construed by the law of nations. If the Royal proclamation is to be made so null and void, foreign nations must, he says, adept more stringent measures of repression, "in order to bring ewn with real effect upon her subjects the just consequences of her Majesty's displeasure fee their violation of her will. The Government and people of the United States had expected some mark of indignation on the pert of her Majesty's Government "The decision has been otherwise. Made wiser by the result, they will take the necessary precautions in like cases that may happen hereafter to protect themselves.'

 Writing on the 12th tilt., the Foreign Minister endeavours to convince Mr. Adams that it is a general principle that each nation deals only with off cares committed against its own laws, and is not called upon to catty into effect, or to aid in carrying into effect, the laws of foreign nations against persons who may have violated them and who may be found within its territory. "7tet only in the case of neutrals in war, but in all cases falling within the seine general principle, the nation to whom the parties complained of belong leaves to other nations who may suffer by the sets of each parties the penalty. It may happen that the nation receiving the injury may have an opportunity of resenting it should it perchance catch the offenders within its jurisdiction. Had the Emily St. Pierre fallen a second time into the hands of atnited States' cruiser, a prize court of the United States would in all probability have condemned the ship and cargo. Nor would her Majesty's Government have coin. plained of a condemnation judicially pronounced in accordance with the law of nations. Her Majesty's Government, ddhering to this line of conduct, are, therefore, eating in accordance with reason, policy, and the common and universal usage of nations in like cases. Yen spook of the rescue of the EusihSt. Pin-re as being a fl-and by the law of nations. But whether the net dr rescue be viewed as one of fraud or of force, or as partaking of both characters, the act was done only against the rights accruing to a belligerent under the law of nations relating to war, and in violation of the law of war, which, whilst it pee-mite the belligerent to exercise and enforce such rights against neutrals by the peculiar and exceptional right of capture, at the same time leaves to the belligerent alone the duty, and confers upon him the power, of vindicating each rights end of enforcing such law. The same law not only does not require, but does not even permit, neutral nations to carry out belligerent rights. Too allude to the conduct of the United States' Government in the case of the Trent; but the flagrant wrong dens in that case was done by a naval officer in the service of the United States; the prisoners whose release was demanded were in the direct custody and keeping of the executive Government; and the Government of the United States had actually the power to deliver them up, and did deliver them up, to the British Government. But the Emily St. Flora is not in the power of the executive Government of this country, and the Since of England, as well as the law of nations, forbid the executive Government from taking away that ship from its legal ewnera"

Mr. Adams's reply, on the following day, is a simple acknowledgment of the above note, with the remark, "As I do net perceive that its contents materially change the nature of the bane that had been already made up, I shall content myself with the transmission of a copy, to complete the correspondence en the subject, to the Government of the United States.
