-  UNITED STATES.

The work of reconstruction in the South is procsedis is

torily, and President Johnson's policy is meeting i The New York Republican State Convention has passed rw expressing confidence in him, approving his reconstrucues pledging him its hearty support. The Wisconsin DenxnZC ventlon have also indorsed t a President's policy and teainsi n their support.

The Alabama State Convention has reqneated the

out the militia for the purpose of repressing the dirder ai ness prevailing in several counties. rsointio hare bass into the Reconstruction Convention repudiating the Reei isn and declaring it the duty of the Convention to restore t atr proper relations with the Federal Government, and that it a1

expedient to change the State Constitution until next L 5 Convention except to repeal the secession ordinance, sed nances consequent upon the same. They also sc; abolition of slavery, and prohibit its restoration, declañsg i. shall be protected and cared for. The resolutions J

State enactments subsequent to secession not Incona Ften' r-14 Federal Constitution.

The message of Governor Perry, of South Carolina, is aIrJ'3

document. Although he opposes negro suffrage,-he ar&' a.r

towards the freedmen, and the ratification by the (Joasia° Constitutional chaise abolishing slavery.

Mr. Johnson has appointed Mr. James Wells P

of Louisiana, in order to reconstruct the State after thS

other southern States.

The official correspondence between Messrs. Seward d

61 07--40VA

March and August cA the present year, in reference loan, and vice-Chancellor's Stuart's decision in the Psi been published. Mr. Seward instructs Mr. Adsas t necessary, inform the British Government ins fri11 sni manner, that the United states never admitted the rebels to be de facto Government and will motbe1 rebel debt, and will insist on their claim for the reCaaA in the present case. While they are content to 1O decree of the British tribunals, they insist on their it through the action of the British Governmentwill hold themselves under no obligation whates&JO *O a form their prcceediogs to conditions which the COIE an other municipal court may prescribe in the Vromt 13r 0" Sir Morton Peto, the Hon. Arthur Konaird,

men (poken of generally as the English And *D

capif*l

travel g through the western States, haTe .

Their movements are chronicled by the teleraPh lowed by a number of correspondent EWhO the journals describing the dinners, b , 9234 of these tourists. As on all occasions they make peSCiZ of good feeling and kindness between the two assumed great political importance, and leading praising the remarks of the Engh speakers 'ad repeated assertions that between gland and the CZtL5 should exist a true and sincere alliance. .

la.
What a mean and ungentlemanly act, to say the very least, is that of Mr. Seward in raking up a more or less apocryphal list of Confederate bondholders in England, and. seeking to invest it with the dignity of a State paper. Itis the act not of a statesman but of a "cad." What has Mr. Seward, or anyone else, to do with the macncr in which gentlemen choose to invest their money? Surely one has a right to back his opinion if he likes, even if, as sometimes happens, he backs the wrong horse. Just imagine Earl Russell publishing a list of the American Cabinet Ministers and. Congress men who have made libellous speeches against England! Moreover, this wretched little bit of spite has not even the merit of novelty. It was first published in the New York Herald, and went the round of the American papers, more than nine months since. The blunders in nomenclature are

----------•
Inc cnprrrnenth of Mciars. Miy and l3eardsiee, from .me with their tcrp1oe, were IA the Rwy, Wedneay,

with con1pee mcce, o tar As the ixz of the Terpekhore wax cetcerned. The Tezecorc is old IMSun abip e wa eIected to put the tcepe4oee to the tot. She moored In GLflinghem and ,. torpedo pI*ced

eeth h. After a good dear of oara&Io, the torpedo we, exp4od.J. t

tieiigl, by means of the electric corrent. Tke ebok v the Ship wa ry

Tkknt; ãiweu4to he tt Alit of the g .eur1r! t. Lad hr opper deck t b hte4 upward. where te eipoein

the A tro We MrA harp ben i- tr in. for s h,

rady n hr ee1; e.r t' -  e

h- 4t t4 &i. ftr e •. ci I :g
I The Queen has approved of Mr. Aaron Gregg as Consul a

Kingston, Jamaica, for the 'United States of America.

?trnz._ t z -

Iber of the Fenian conspirators on S&thr4Y last, bore Mr. Stroxige, one of the Dublin police rates. Mr. B&M

prosecuted for the Crown, and stated the case. .&CCOg to his 0Pl15

designs of the Fenians were bloody -minded enough. Thby Intended a5fl' massacre of the aristocracy, the clergy, both Bni1sh ãiid POtCt5 generally of all above their own class- the land to be d1vId amoiiPtt selves. Considerable sums of money had been received by ie lede' t movement from America- and the secret manufacture of arifig WOO-Id SI50 said, be pro-red. Stephea, who had escaped, was at

61

the h of

mo

ment. The informer is a man named Nag The era itIonøt prisoners was resumed on Monday, and, after witnesses and the readl of documents, Luby, O'Learthe production woe W"

y O'Coanor and O'Xeeffe were committed to take their trial on a obge of bI tT

Hopper, who was regarded as the financial agent Of the the remanded till Monday next. All the prisoners were snxioua to charge of intendedwhoiesaloassassjna±Jon. Twomore arrests ba,ebS Cork and several in Ulster. At Kingstown, Monday, a man named Gaffney was charged with having torn down pert of a prOCts a reward for the apprehension of Stephens the Fenian leader. SSTSU4 trict in the counties of Tipperary, Waterford, and Limerick bsXe beclaimed" under the Peace Preservation Act of 1856.
The Ammobroma Sonorm (sand-food of Sonora) is an extra

ordinary root-psrentio plant of the region at the head of the Gulf of

California. In a note in the American Journal of Science, by Dr. Sea Gray,

we learn that the plant, growing in a forlorn sandy desert, almost covered by the sand in which it lives, was found by its discoverer, the late Colonel £ B. Gray, to form a considerable part of the sustenance of the Papigoe Indians of the district, and is said to he very luscious when first gathered and cooked, resembling in taste the sweet potato, only far more delicate.

In a paper read at the Franklin Institute, Philadelphia, by

Mr. Albert Leeds, on the geography and geology of petroleum, he combats the opinion that the flow from the oil-wells will eventually cease, and gives a statement of his reasons, based upon facts, for the statement that henceforth petroleum deserves to be ranked with coal and iron as a solid mining interest. He refers to the evidence we possess respecting the character of

bituminous deposits all over the globe. -
UNITED STATES.

Mr. Secretary Seward had issued a notice that lists of

foreign Govermnents including claims for oosnpenss fY

Mred tions of the 11abama and other ConfedsTUZO M164" Od

c federate 'raiders" from Canada, are to be sent to

Department in order that they may be preferred for Sett

.e Alabama Convention has repudiated the wholO Cs!

debt. The Massachusetts Democratic State Convent1 has 1s

the President's reconstruction policy.

The South Carolina Convention had passed resoli1t1 etsboi

the opinions expressed by the deputation from

defeated it was not 'wise to continue the contest,

interview with the President-namely, that the Vow

tion of the Union was now the paramount object to be

Convention accordingly repealed the Secession Ord1n5

abolition of slavery, and passed other measures in 3CC

the President's views, and then adjourned.

The trial of Wirti still goes on; but he is believed that he will live to hear the senten0 correspondent who has formerly said all be can have hard work of it. Nothing that can be extenuation of Wirtz's atrocities can oounterb damniag evidence against him, Yesterday he was
ordeal of personal identification by the- witnesses. He was compelled to stand up in o;en court; and, after inspection by the person giving evidence, he sank down and fainted away. A physician constant ly sits by his side, in the court-room, and it is fouM necessary to administer ether frequently in order to keep life in him through the day's sitting of the Court,"

A large Fenian meeting has been held at the Cooper Institute, New York. The speeches denounced the British Government and solicited contributions in aid of the Fenian organisation.

In a speech by President Johnson, addressed to a newly. accredited Urazilian Ambassador, M. Joaquim de .Azambuja, we find these words :-" Our wish is not to weaken new American States, but to strengthen them; we are more disposed to give them a generous confidence than to feel jealous at their prosperity or to cavil at their form of government."

The equinoctial gales have been severely felt all along the Gulf coast.

The Panama Star announces that the commander of the British

war-steamer Devastation, lying at Acapulco, on the receipt of in

formation of the depredations of the Shenandoah, immediately started

in pursuit of her, asserting that, if he overhauled her, he should treat

her as a pirate.

I.- .flevTJ',r - -
Captain Aneron, of the Ancrican eiigrait-sbipVii1afranoa,

has been cmnjittcd, by the Unitcd States Coniseioxier Osborne, for trial by Viard jury UI dIITC5 of ill-trcatinctt and of the eering of insufficient and r3rvboicEcnIe royiicn to ]ii p eeners duxthg a recent voyage.
DIi'LOMACY is now 11 on its trial." It has a difficult and delicate task to perform, but the call is peremptory, and the object noble. If diplomacy should now fail, it will be discredited for ever, and we shall not be disinclined to listen to those 'who jieclare it an effete con'ventionalism which should be discarded. by enlightened nations. We, however, hope better things from the accomplished masters of the art who have been for some months exchanging despatches in secret, and whose efforts have this week been laid before the world. Diplomacy has to preserve the peace between the two great nations, England and the United States.

Five despatches have just been published. They form a correspondence between the representative of America, Mr. Adams, and our Foreign Secretary. The first is dated the 7th of April, the last is not a month old. We therefore have before us the dispute as it stands. It maybe convenient to add. here that Earl Russell, refusing the demands of Mr. Adams, has made a proposition which the latter has undertken to refer to his Government, but which it is, apparently, unlikely that he will be instructed to accept. The reply to this wiltbe the next diplomatic news from America,

The requisition of the United States, of course, takes no one by surprise, as we have been for along time informed, by more trustworthy organs than the generally-demoralised press of the States, that Mr. Seward would. insist upon compensation to such American citizens as have suffered by the ravages committed on Federal property by vessels of British origin. The demand is now solemnly made, and as seriously met. Mr. Adams, in April, called the attention of Earl Russell to the official reports which the American Government had received upon the subject, and, while giving our own Government credit for a desire to prevent the ravages complained of and to act in a friendly manner towards America, Mr. Adams endeavoured

 have become active agents in the war. Having argued ont this question-and. it will be perceived that no argument had, been introduced into the discussion which had not been exhausted in the English journals-Earl Russell proceeds to show that in regard to her dealings with the Confederate vessels we did. all that the law enjoins or permits. The Alabama was stolen from us under a false pretence. Mr. Adams declares that the harbour officers were all actuated by secret sympathy with the South, and that they would do nothing to assist his efforts; but, whether this be true or not, it is impossible to rest a ease against an honourable Government on the belief that its inferior agents were unfaithful. Earl Russell, however, makes a fair point of a strong expression of Mr. Seward's satisfaction at the just and friendly proceedings of the English Government in regard to the vessels. He then cites history, and brings a valuable precedent forward. The United States had refused compensation to Spain and Portugal for losses, which their merchants sustained from vessels fitted out in American

harbours when he States were at peace with those nations; and Mr. Adams himself, then Secretary of State, detlated.'that, when a Government had done all in. its power to prevent the fitting out of hostile cruisers against a friendly country, it was not bound to make individual indemnification. In the case of the rams at Birkenhead, Government acted so decidedly as to be accused in Parliament of having goue beyond. its po*exs.

In rather more than a fortnight the representative of

America returns to the charge, and re-states his case in a wider

manner. It is not necessary to analyse his replies to Earl Russell, or his attempts to show that we did not, as asserted, faithfully perform our duties with regard. to the vessels which escaped. Suffice it to saythat Mr. Adams, after three months more, is very fully met by Earl Rue-.ell, who seeks to show that we had not only acted with perfect faithfulness, but had precisely copied the conduct of the Americans under similar circumstances, He then refers to Mr. Adams's proposition, made in October, 1868, that arbitration between the countries shouldberesorted to, Earl Russell absolutely declines this. "The Government of England. are sole guardians of their own honour." They will not admit that they have acted wrongly. Theii law officers mast understand. our laws better than a foreign Government can do, They will make neither reparation nor compensation for anything done by the Alabama, nor will they refer the question. But they will assent to the appointment of a commission to which shall be referred all claims arising out of the war which claims the two Powers shall agree so to refer.

Mr. Adams writes again on the 18th of last month, reiterates. his charges in stronger language, says that he will await further instructions, and begs that he may not be thought to imply that the English Government has made a proposal in the knowledge that it could not be accepted, He adds, in reply to Earl Russell's assurance that the efforts by which America has shaken off slavery have the warm sympathies of this country, that he is glad to receive such assurance, but is painfully convinced that a large and influential class here have shown great coldness and apathy toward America. And here the correspondence terminates. It is of a grave character; but diplomacy, as we have said, is on its trial, and is bound to see the two great nations, to 'whom quarrel would be as loathsome as mischievous, through the difficulty. We hear that an English war ship is chasing the Shenandoah, which has been mercilessly destroying the poor whalers. The capture and hanging of her pirate crew would much smooth the diplomatists' work.
to fix upon us as a nation responsibility for the acts of the vessels in question. He pointed out that the sea was swept of United States commerce, to the advantage of this country, and he thus by implication assigned a selfish character to the conduct of our Administration. He further asserted that the system took its rise in the precipitate action of England in hastening to invest with the character of belligerents those who had not when so proclaimed a single vessel of their own to show floating. British harbours had been open to the (Jonfederate vessels, which had been sheltered and assisted there, and had been received with an unmistakable sympathy. We are charged in express terms with having not only given birth to the Confederate naval belligerent but with having nursed and maintained it to the present hour. Mr. Adams having, as was his duty, made out the strongest case in his power, protested against the conduct of England and demanded the immediate withdrawal of belligerent rights from the rebels.

After due consideration, Earl Russell replies nearly a month afterwards. He asserts that England has done its duty, and has faithfully obeyed both international and municipal law. In reference to the alleged advantage gained to us by the acts of the Confederates, the Foreign Secretary points out the fearful losses entailed upon us by the war, which shut up from us the provinces which supplied the material of an enormous trade. The constituting the rebels belligerents was the act of the President of the States, not ours. He proclaimed a blockade, which he could do only on the ground that the South was waging war with him. We could do but one of two thingsacknowledge the blockade, and, by consequence, the belligerency, or refuse to acknowledge it, and go on trading. The latter would have been an act of hostility towards the States. We had, of course, a right to be neutral; but had we done as the Americans desired, and treated the South as pirates, we should have ceased in the most signal manner to be neutral; for we should
EXPERIMENTS

WITH TIlE AMgRICAN TORPIfI'o4WZLIs AT CIL&TI1AM

Tim. firat use of submarine explosive shells for the destruction of hostile ships of war is attributed by the Âmerie*as to Mr David Buahnell,of cnneoucut,

who, about 1777, con-trived %, machine in

which the operst with

air enough to bn*U*

for half an hour could dive under the cttom of an 2Cenyee5se1, and fautea to t a box of powder, which was afterwards o be fired by

memo cif a gunlock and

* long cord. This machine, 'which took its name from its shape reaemhlbig the American turtle or torpedo, was tried without success against the British squadron in New York

harbour and in the Dc-law=. Twenty years

later Robert Fulton, the author of steam navigation in Ame,icn, devised a method of applying subsuarine bomb-shells, winch he laid before the un. tish Government. It was dlsocontenanoed by our naval authodtàes, but found some favour with Kr. Pitt, who on one occasion. witnessed near Walsuer Castle the blowing up of the brig borothea by means of a. 180-pounder torpedothat is, an explosive shell, the name being now transferred from the original divingmachine to the immediate instrment of destruction . Fulton's shall was provided with dock. work to set the gunlock in action and fire the

9a 0, Wer. the la

given. e. The

whole subject, howe'ver, seems to have lain in abeyance till the Russian war of 1854, when the channels leading to Crcuzdt 'were defended by sunken magazines of powder, held 'by buoys at a certain depth beneath the surface; the intended method of

nition, when the enemy a

ships passed over, was by the breaking of a small glass tube, containing sulphuric acid, which would then flow down a long flexible tube, containing at its bottom a preparation of chlorate of potash, so as to produce a flame communicating with the magnniie. These Russntn torpedos, however, did not prove very efficient, atid were harmlessly lithotI up by our exploring boats.
The late civjj War 11

America has Occasioned

the practical

applicati and modification of th555 engines O lvarfar0 great variety of They were exte used, by the miljtpr naval eugine o the Southern Confedem the most successful ex ample being show, the destruction of

Tecumseh, at Mobile, i August, 1863. A t,. pedo diving.b, win steam-engine and propeller, and with Ln vanes, like the Bus of a

fish, to regulate j+ -

ward or downwj

tion, was

them at harlest

another at New Orleaj. but in these the to do-ahelle, aa5.

ployed by the Soii1. erners, 'were to be tbrat

forward at the end of a

long arm Or. ap

to be placed in dI,50

contact with the bottom

or side of the ship to destroyed. This principle, whi seemed fatal to the fulness and conven applicability of the invention, has superseded by the kind of torpedos erhi. bited last week at Chit. ham. The nndit of Us novel combination, in present shape, is ahasel by Mr. W. W. Woo Chief Engineer of the United Stata Navy, aed Mr. G. W. Beardahe,of New York, .invest the magneto .eIee telegraph, which hel already been pkyed with remarkable see for military and cogi. nearing purposes land. Wittiout going into a description of Mi Beardslee'a invenes, which supersedes the galvanic battery as 'w for the t aus lesion of messages as for the ex. plosion of Minas or 26. gazinee, at any diitanoe either on lana or uad. water, and sunk at my depth, it may be &Ms'l that the magnetoelectric apparatus, x quiring no acidi plates, is carried in a small as so a writing-des it iney be worked very easily upon an open tetegraia wire on land, or awire the water, insu)atnd by a coating of vuicaâed india-rubber. InAugusl 1864, when Xr. Beardslee's axatc was experiment"y APplied

to the orainesy line of telegraph ndre between New York sad Washington, a charge of gunpowder et Washington was fired I an instant by the operators at New York, Ed
vice vrst, at a distance, of 240 miles; 'whereas in former experiments of this sort with Grove's galvanic batteries, the combined power of no less than 150 pairs was required to ignite powder by means of burning a platinum wire at Baltimore, forty miles from Washington. Mr. lleardslec employs a patent f case or cartridge, for mines and tOr?CdO!, which is a ingenious that we must give ft particular notice. It consists of a small wooden cylinder, about three quarters of an inch in diameter, and Sin, long at one end of the cylinder is a cavity which holds the oo bustible, which is Confined only by Rate or membrane, so thst when ignited, it will blow stral'ght into the heart of the principal charge' the two wires of the electric thvuit, entering at the other end of tire cylinder, terminate upon the litt'e wooden disc which forms the bottom of this cavlt.y, sothat mendofonewlre to about a quarter of an inch from the other; the electric circuit Is completed by drawing a dash with a blacklead-pencil across the tiny spew of the wooden surface connecting the twoends of wire; and the fuses isthen charged. It is a propez

of blackiead or plumbago to burst 32140 darns when reached by the electric current; hence, by sending a current through the cfrcult thus composed, which may have wires of any length, the pesI-ma lying in the track of this current., and consiSting of a few =rated particles of pluxnbage, is infallibly set on are, and niu.ct infallibly set re to the whole charge of the fuses, and of the torpedo or raise. The use of such a fuses is =V =W y superior to the method of producing ignition by platinum involves a great waste of electric power. Torpedos have been exploded by this fuse at a depth of 500 ft. or 600 ft. under water, in the oil wells of Pennsylvania. At the Military Academy, West Point., in January last uhl-inchsbell,atthe depth of fl'Oft,beneath the ice of the Hu.son, was exploded through five miles of wire. By other explo-

 iona,at a depth of 20 ft., the Ice was torn up in auextaeordlnazy

manner. At the same place, when further experiments were made

last April, sixty shells of that size, arranged In three groups or otrcults, were explodçd at the same instant of time. The utility of thus process for submarine engineering was shown, in February, 155t, by the apeedy removal of the ureaslve piles which the Southerners had placed to obstruct the entrance of Elizabeth B&ir, near Norfolk, Virginia; three discharges at intervals of half an hur clearing away ten clttaterS of plies, chained together, end driven ll ft. deep into the bed of the river, the depth of water being 80 ft.

The exhibition which took ace in the Medway on Wednesday

week in the paeeence of the Duke of Soenesset, yirat Lord of the

Admiralty; Vies-Admiral Sir Charles Talbot, commanding the Ch==

yard, Sir Robert Walpole, commandant of the garrison' Colonel Boxer, and other psofesslonsi or scientific gent1enien, My maiutaixie& the reputation of the American torpedos. The oflicial party was accompanied on board the Admiralty yacht Wildfire by Mr. Donald liL'Xay, the extensive shipowner, of Boston, who has undertaken to help in introducing the contrivance of Messrs. Wood and Beardslee to the Governments and public of Burope. Mr. Beardalec himself had been busied for a week before in making his preparations at Chatham; and on the Saturday previous to this exhibition he had sunk stospedo charged with 4401b. of powder in the mad and, sand off Gillingham Point., at the entrance to Chatham Harbour. The depth of water at high tide was 26 ft., and the place was marked by a pole bearing a red flag, the wire attached to the torpedo being kept by a float on the surface. The Admiralty yacht having taken up her station a few hundred yards from the barge on which Mr. Beardalee and his assistants were stationed with their electrical apparatus for Igniting the shells, the signal was given for oominenoing. A boat's crew was dispatched from the operator's barge to establish electrical communication with the sunken shell, which was to be fired through a length of two miles of wire. This preliminary completed and the train all ready for firing, in an instant there rose from the placid bosom of the river high into the air a huge column of water, in shape and. action much resembling those zeat waterapouts 000a&.onsfly witnessed bysailoxa In iuld'ocean, and to which, though very beautiful to look upon, they do their best to give a wide berth. The splendid volumes of snowwhite feathery spray soared qniokl7 to a height of little less than 200 ft., and then fall gently again in exquisitely graceful curves into the vortex whence they had risen, leaving no trace of themselves behind, save a slowly-expanding circle of bubbling foaming water, the muddy, yeasty aspect of which showed that tim river had been stirred to its lowest depths. The Ulashrabian

 &.1 fl1 iY

soma ids- o the apearance of this huge column of water. The explosion of the next- torpedo-also a 440-pounder, but suspended 2 ft.. below the surface-produced effects but slightly diering from those just described, except that it was accompanied by a more deafening report, while fragments of the cylinder were sent spinning high above the topmost wreaths of delicate, feathery spray, anti the rare beauty of the too-transient display was more strongly contrasted with the after turbidness of the seething waters. Several other experiments of a similar nature followed, the third torpedo, a 440-pounder, being suspended 15 ft. below the surface; arid the fourth, of the same size and charge suspended in 30 it. of water, instead of resting on the bottom. thiey were fired through wires one third of a mile in length. The last of the 440pounders lifted an enormous mass of water, which seemed as if scooped out of a hollow 100 ft. in diameter and hurled into thaalrto aheight of little Ieasthan 200ft., with aneffect which

was awfully grand. -

may be formed from the circumstance of the whole of the iron knees

on the port side, which carry the upper-deck beams, being wrenched

and broken off. The frigate has been insuected this week by a large

number of persona, including several of the officers of the Royal En
Preparations were now made for destroying the Terpaichore, 18-gun

sailing-frigate, which had been placed at the disposal of Mr. Beardslee

by the Admiralty in order to put the destructive powers of the torpedo

to the most practical test. Although a torpedo charged with only

501b. of powder would, according to Mr. Beardelee's statement, be

more than sufficient to destroy a vessel of the she of the Terpaichore, he had proposed, with a view of obtaining the fullest possible effects, to use afull charge of 4401b. in the torpedosufficient, it may be remarked, to destroy the largest vessel in the British Navy. It was, however, considered that so tremendous a force brought to bear on so comparatively small an object would be attended with results not contemplated- and accordingly a couple of 75-lb. torpeefbs were taken, in the small boat, close alongside the Terpaichore and there sunk, being just let down from the side of the boat. As the tide was running very strong, but one of the two tcrpedoa lodged at its proper place, so as to have the ship within reach of the explosion; the other, being carried aside as much as ii) ft. or 12 ft., could have no material effect. The boat with Mr. Beardalee and his men drew off a short distance; then, after a momentary pause, came the stifled report of both the torpedos at once, and the Teipsichore suddenly rose at her bows 10 it. or 12 ft. into the air and heeled over on her starboard de while great masses of water burst up through her decks, her whole frame being convulsed and bearing as with agony, till she began to settle down crntha. In another moment her stern stood up at an acute angle, and I bow sank deeper and deeper. Not a fragment, however, of her timbers was seen to be detached from the rest of her bulk, not a splinter had been shot up into the air or had fallen off into the water, and she appeared to be going down bodily. The mischief she had received would seem to be a broken back; for she still continued to go down by the bead, until, in about five minutes from her first movement., she lay fast aground in the Medway mud on an even keel, with the tide, now at threequarters ebb, up to within a few inches of her portholes. There was not then enough water entirely to cover her. 8he was left there till last Monday when the wreck was lifted and hauled into dock at Chatham. On ?ruesday morning the water was pumped out of the dock, and the frigate having in the mean time been shored up, the whole of her hull was exposed to view, allowing a careful examination to be made of her bottom by the dockyard officials. 'The injuries effected by the torpedo are all on the starboard side of the Lull, slightly shaft the fore chains, the port aide of the bottom showirg no injury whatever, with the exception of the loosening of a few of the sheets of copper. The full explosive force of the torpedo appears to have caught the frigate about 8 ft, upward from her keel, blowing in her timbers and planking, the opening thus effected being aout IU ft. square. A cnee examination shows that few of the timbers are broken of!, the separE:on being at their points of juno. tien. I -ediug 'n boned the frigrt, the cffecL of the etpio'l'n are rtill mc re parent, the iiatkui of the man deck for a length of

f. ed up, t:e de:k beznii are chc in

vm: tr'ic m wr mc kk. Lrc hc.l

ih t tc_t Lr. the tLc, 'c th  ei v;xmj

have It ntreel htr uvle,s, while tune idea of t:e c vu the ;0c:
- he Government o1tia1s at J.rverpOoL nave completed the

return of the emigration from that port for the past quarter. During the month of September last thirty-eight ships sailed under the provisions of the Passenger Act, carrying out in all 13,883 passengers. Of this number 11,465 went to the United States. The nationalities of these were as follow :-2403 English, 223 Scotch, 4584 Irish, and 2878 foreigners. To Canada there were five ships and 1474 passengers. In the steerage there were 663 English, 83 Scotch, 530 Irish, and 214 foreigners. There was one ship to New South Wales, with 441 passengers, of which 55 were English, 85 Scotch, and 357 Irish. To Qaeensland there were two ships, with 551 passengers, of whom 145 were English, 51 Scotch, and $55 Irish. To Victorlathere were two ships, with 87 cabin and 656 steerage passengers; of the latter 300 were English,

51 were Scotch, 336 Irish, and 9 foreigners. This shows a total of 907 cabin and 12,946 st

-ath ~eerage Eaasmg~i

0 ber r"neteen PW of 14'499 .rhg. q

co- -ith th pr t._~~

I V , total number

EP 9, f

39 24

the corresponding quarter of last year there were only 27,4.96 psaseagers, showing an in

for the quarter just ended of 11,730,
IAeutenat-CoIonel 3. D. Graham, o the U Engineers, has

reported to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences the ruith of a series of observations proving the existence in Lake Huron, not only of a semidiurnal lunar tide, but also of a semidiurnal solor tide, which Is separable from that produced by the combined action of the sun end moon, as he pre

viously bad shown for Lake Michigan. Colonel Graham added that no obser-vations, as far as he knew, had ever been made to ascertain the existence of this phenomenon In the Qaapian Sea, which is a perfect lake, and the largest and deepest known. , therefore, suggested that the attention of the aoientldo world should be drawn to the poxtance of a series of tidal observations there.

- -r--_---_ .. - _, - - - - - - - - - -

A ong tHe books sold at a late extensive book-trade sale

at New York was a large number of bibles, prayer-books, and other religious

works, that had been captured on blockade-runners. They were a donation

from the British and Foreign Bible Society to the Confederate army.
Captain Hall, US en o

the Arctic regions, nuder date December, 1884, stating that he had information from the natives leading him to believe that there may yet be three survivors of Franklin's expedition, including Crozier, who succeeded to the command of the party after Sir John Franklin's death.
FRANCE AND MEXICO.

WHATEVER character the messages from Washington to Paris upon the subject of Mexico may have assumed, and whether they are of recent date or were dispatched at the time when the conclusion of the internecine war gave the United States Government an opportunity of looking, round them, there is no doubt that the President, in signifying his displeasure with French interference on the new continent, expresses the feelings of a very large, if not a very intellectual, portion of the American people. It is not, therefore, of the first consequence to be assured as to the exact accuracy of the statement which has just caused considerable sencation in London and Paris-namely, that the President of the States has decided on forbidding the Emperor of the French t. dispatch a fresh supply of troops to the aid of the Emperor Maxmilian, The probability seems to be that the peremptory message of

which we have heard was rather inferred than known, and that we shall learn that, if a very late despatch on the subject has been sent to Paris, the document is not one of a character so offensive as that which has been. described. But this is of little* consequence, for the reason we have assigned. The Americans have managed to inoculate themselves with an extraordinary conviction that the New World belongs to them, and that Mr. Canning, of England, and Mr. Monroe, of Washington, have told them so, and therefore they view with unconcealed jealousy any attemt at intrusion on the part of Europeans. Whether, therefore, they may be inclined to quarrel with France now on the subject of Mexico, or whether they may be able to nurse their wrath to keep it warm until the empire of Maximilian is able to stand by itself, and France may withdraw, and not be quarrelled with at all, matters not very much. It would, perhaps, be more to the advantage of

the Maximilian dynasty that hostilities, should be provoked at once, while the honour of France is involved, and her 'whole mighty force must be brought to the aid of the new Emperor, than that his empire should be left to settle itself, and that it should get into difficulties with the States at a later date. Very good terms and a very good treaty could be obtained from the latter Power at the present time; but later, vcii vieis I and who can say that ten years hence Prance will be inclined to lend, aid to the Mexican empire?

But, inasmuch as the hostility of the Americans to this Mexican empire is a fact over which there is no getting, we may venture to believe that, whether the President has gent the menacing despatch or not, the belief represents the feelings of his constituents, and we may be tolerably sure that at some convenient opportunity the States will quarrel with Mexico. They did so before, as we recently' pointed out, and
the result was a war and an annexation. We will not say what might be the cud of a war in which the disciplined and scientific armies of France would encounter the American forces It is pesaibe that volunteers, even of the high class of which much of the Viiitcd States Army, now disbanded, was composed, might find a different enemy in the splendid machine called. a French army from the gallant volunteers of the South. At the utmost, the Americans *e had' but four years of military experience, wile the French armies have an unbroken succession of sue knowledge. It might be that the Imperial Mwb?z would be an overmatch for the Republican Geterale. Bat withdraw France from the game, and it Is not too much to say that Orartt,'Shenuau, or Sheridan would finish the business of the Emperor Maximilian in a month. Unless France means to have a permanent protectorate in Mexico, or unless good offices oan'bring the United States Govermuent to a recognition of the new monarchy, we may, without any inclination to be prophets of ill, prognosticate that bad fortune is in store for the Mexican empire. We shall have telegrams for the second edition of the papers some fine afternoon, which despatchea will begin with the ominous worth, "Rupture between the States and, Mexico." What the next will contain will depend very much upon which of the datea is selected for the rupture in question.

 Now, if the United States desire a .ew annexation, if they

have resolved that the stripes and stars shall float over the entire of the southern part of North America, from Canada to Quibo, we can understand the resolution, though we may not admire it. But there are statesmen in the States. The vulgar longing for mere acquisition of terrLtory and addition of popu. iatdon, no doubt, actuates zriyriads among them, and bids them regard Mexico as a erritoy to be taken when circumstances may permit, or when any decent pretext can. be afforded for the annexation. The same objections which they affect to feel in regard to a monarchical neighbour can easily be made to apply to a democratic neighbour, if his democracy is not exactly like that of the great Republic. There need never be 'wanting an excuse for seizing Mexico while the Americans retain their present ideas as to their own destiny, and as to the very frivolous and antiquated character of Old World notions about right and wrong. These persons need be in no hurry. But, as we have said, there are statesmen among them who must be superior to the low feeling of avidity for mere annexation. They want something mote than so many additional millions of acres and fellow-citizens. They 'would like to increase the Union, no doubt; but they would like to feel that any increase was an advantage. Men of this class must perceive that at the present time the absorption óf Mexico would be a premature step, a foolish blunder. In the aneedotage of New York is a clever story illustrating the acuteness of a hunter: He was tracking a deer, had marked it down, and had his finger on the trigger of his rifle, when he noted a movement in the bush. The next moment he perceived a hostile Indian who was intent on the same game as himself. The savage did not see him, but took fatal aim at the deer. The American transferred his aim from the animal's heart to that of the Indian, waited calmly until the latter had fired the death-shot, and then he drew his own trigger, thus securing his deer and slaying his foe. The wiser men among the Northerners will perhaps do well to take a hint from the wary bunter, at least to the extent of letting their game be brought down by other hands than their own. .

as to ask to be allowed to secede and set' up a Sovereign. But what will happen if the Maximilian dynasty receives support from its great neighbour is that the finances of the country will be taken out of the hands of thieves; the laws will be enforced, and not left to be carried out by corrupt functionaries as bad as the culprits who buy them; the Church will be prevented from being, as heretofore, a lever for overthrowing Goverimtent; and the honest people of Mexico will at lngih be delivered from the cruelty and rapacity of the dishonest. Then, material prosperity will set in, and the richly-favoured land will cease to be a scandal among nations. When this shall )iave been effected, an American who really believes in the principles he avows will see that a truly enlightened Mexico

must of her own accord seek for admission into the all-perfect

Republic. Surely such a future is better than a recurrence of

anarchy and bloodshed, which would be the result of the overthrow of the Maximilian dynasty. The States which had caused its fall would be bound to take Mexico in hand themselves, and we need hardly point out to a Yankee that it is scarcely in accordance with his traditions to do anything for himself at a great price which he can get another to do for him for nothing. We think that this business-like view of the whole case ought to commend itself to the American mind, and we are not without hope that it has already done so, and than there is no truth in the statement that Mr. Seward has sent an insulting message to the benefactor of Mexico.
sias bona iinf, the Americans would regard their Majesties the Emperors Napoleon and Maximilian as pioneers, who are doing the best possible service to the States. If the Austrian dynasty be allowed to survive, the States will obtain, instead of the worst neighbours they could possibly have, reasonably good and improving ones. Order and law mean commerce and artificial wants, and these can only grow where a strong hand represses the barbarous and disorderly in the sternest and most resolute manner. No American can need to be told what sort of a chaos of wretchedness Mexico has been for years. Each successive attempt to educe order from it by means of the people has only shown more and more the demoralisation of that people, and its entire unfitness for self-government. When it has chosen or endured a leader, he has been about as hat), a man as could be found, even in Mexico, and any better ruler has speedily lost the reins. Mexico has at length got the only form of Government which can have any hope of successthe role of the bayonet. Force may achieve good, but it is certain that nothing else can. If the America.as are wise, they will quietly permit CanningMonroe doctrines, as they have now chosen to call them (though Canning would have been singularly sarcastic in his retort on anyone who accused him of wishing to make Uncle Sam the king of the western world), go to sleep in the pigeonhose at the White House. They will watch the exertions of the new Emperor, aided by his powerful friend, to bring Mexico into order. Whether the latter uses Egyptians or not for the purpose does not greatly signify. He used them some tima ag. and we ourselves made protest, not on Monroe grounds, but on the more rational basis of international law, which does not permit subjects to be ta:ken away without leave from their suzerain. If the Emperor wants more Egyptians he will 410c1;t!css, obtain them in a regular manner; and we really svggcst in sincerity to the Americans that they had, better let him do his work in his own way. Let him create for them an

orderly and commercial neighbour in Mexico. They cannot be aft aid of the influence of example, or that the kings of shoddy and of oil may be inspired to desire a king and an aristocracy of their own, A German Count is not likely to assume a very tempting aspect In the eyes of Angloaxcns. We do not think that even Texas will b3

denmeralired, and o far Abnegate rights of mu
UNITED STATES.

The most important news from the United States has reference to France and Mexico. It was telegraphed that a Cabinet Council had been held at Washington to take into consideration a report that France was raising troops in Egypt for service in Mexico, and that the remit had been announced in a despatch of Mr. Seward to the French Government declaring that the United States Government would not permit additional troops to be sent to Mexico by France, and that any further intervention might lead to a serious misunderstanding between the two countries. The Moravian, however, which left New York on the 7th inst., brings the oflicial information that the United StatesGovernment has taken no recent action, nor contemplates any, inconsistent with absolute neutrality between the belligerents in Mexico.

Mr. Seward and his son Frederick have left Washington for Auburn,

New York, on a visit, for ten days.

Mr. Davi has been removed from the easematee to other (we hope better) quarters in Fort Monroe.

General Lee was formally inaugurated President of Washington

College, Lexington, Virginia, on the 2nd inst. The friendliest feeling

was shown.

Most of the State Conventions, which were engaged in the work of

framing new Constitutions, have resolved, while admitting the black population to all other civil rights, that they shall not be admitted to the franchise.

The North Carolina Convention, on the 6th lust., passed a resolution declaring the secession ordinance null and void and calling into life the original Constitution of the State.

The Mississippi State elections had passed off quietly, and General

 Bumpbrey had been elected Governor, who had, it was said, been pardoned by the President.  -

The Louisiana Democratic Convention have nominated J. M. Welis as Governor. They have approved Mr. Johnson's reorganisation policy, and have determined to exclude religious and sectional controversies, on the ground that the Federal Government was made to be perpetuated for the exclusive political benefit of the white race. The convention urged that a constitutional convocation should be summoned, and resolved to request Congress to grant compensation for the losses caused by emancipation. Finally, the convention prayed the Government for a general amnesty and a prompt restoration of property.

The following is the text of the abolition ordinance passed in the

Alabama Convention on the 22nd nib. :-" Be it ordained by the people

of the State of Alabama in convention assembled, that, as the insti

tution of slavery has been destroyed in the State of Alabama, here

after there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in this

Slate otherwise than for the punishment of crime, whereof the party shall be duly convicted. And be it further ordained that the Conat i tution be amended by striking out all provisions in relation to slaves and slavery. And be it further ordained, that it shell be the duty of the Legislature, at its next Session, to pass such laws as will protect the freed men of this State in the full enjoyment of all their rights of person and property and guard them and the State against all the evil that may arise from their sudden emancipation."

Cairo despatches report the destruction of 3500 bales of cotton by

an incendiary fire at Memphis, on the 1st. Five thousand eight

hundred bales of cotton in Mobile were also destroyed by incendiary flies on the night of the 5th and morning of the 6th.

The public debt amounts in English money to 549 millions sterling

The Secretary of the Treasury has announced his intention to issue

bones to the amount of fifty millions of dollars in exchange for the notes which fail due before January next.

It is reported that Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson lost his entire pro

perty by the late Concord Bank robbery, with the exception of his homestead.

An enthusiastic meeting of the Fenian Brotherhood was held at the

Courthouse, Nashville, J!ennessee, on the 4th inst. Speeches were

made and sundry resolutions adopted. A large meeting of the brotherhood in Tennessee was held at Memphis, on the evening of the 3rd. A special general congress of the entire order of Fenians had been summoned to meet at Philadelphia, to consider the course affairs are taking in Ireland,
