ILN-V. 45 Illustrations (27)

  Title Page

p. 1-The Deerhound Rescuing a Portion of the Crew of the Alabama.-From a Sketch by  Mr. Robert Lancaster.-See next page.

p. 8-Kerbstone Stockbrokers in New York.-See page 11.  (Full Page)

p. 9-The Fight between the Alabama and the Kearsarge.-See page 2.  (Full Page)

p. 12-The Jackal Tender and Boats going to meet the American Mail Steamer at Roche's Point, near Queenstown.

p. 41-The Late David Herbert Llewellyn, Surgeon of the Alabama.

p. 60-"Our Special Artist," on Board the Lillian, Running the Blockade into Wilmington Harbour, North Carolina.-See page 70.

p. 100-The Petroleum Oil Works at Franklin, Pennsylvania.  and  Railway Station at the Franklin Petroleum Oil Works.-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 128-The War in America:  The Texans of Longstreet's Corps Retaking the Outer Line of Intrenchments on the South Side of the James River.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See preceding page.

p. 133-The War in America:  A Corps of the Confederate Army Marching by Night Through Burning Woods.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 137.

p. 136-New Blockade-Runner Lizzie, Built in the Clyde.

p. 185-The War in America  View of Petersburg, Virginia.-See page 191

pp. 236-237-The War in America.  View of Petersburg and its Suburbs from General Lee's Head-Quarters.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Double-Page Spread)

p. 288-Enlisting Irish and German Emigrants on the Battery at New York.-See page 285.

p. 345-The Presidential Campaign in America   Great M'Clellan Meeting in Union-Square, New York.-See next page.

p. 389-a.  Presidential Electioneering in New York.-A Street Scene.  and  b. Presidential Electioneering in New York.-Torchlight Procession of the M'Clellan Party.

p. 408-Illustrations of the War in America, by Our Special Artist.  Passage of the Shenandoah River at Front Royal by the Divisions Sent to Reinforce General Early.  and  March of Kershaw's and Fitz Lee's Divisions of the Confederate Army up the Valley of Virginia.-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 409-Illustrations of the War in America, by Our Special Artist:  Howlett's Battery, on the James River, Engaging the Federal Monitors.-See page 407.

p. 517-The Late Outrage on the Neutrality of Brazil.  The Florida (Confederate) and the Wachusetts (Federal) in Bahia Harbour.

p. 541-Burning of the United States' Mail-Steamer Roanoke, off St. George's, Bermuda, on the 9th of October.

p. 560-Election Day in New York. A Polling-Place among the "Upper Ten."  and A Polling-Place among the "Lower Twenty."-See preceding page.  (Full Page)

p. 561-Sketches from New York.  a.  Entertainment in a Lager Beer Saloon.  and  b.  A Lager Beer Brewery at Guttenburg, on the Hudson River.  and  c.  A Garten Wirthschaft. 

p. 576-Peyton Falls, Alleghany County, Virginia.

p. 592-The Town and Port of Nassau, New Providence, Bahama Islands. 

1


1


