MASTER WILLIE PATE. the ymsthftsl American piosist lady

sensed in this country, has been heard twice in paabho, and ha, more, than eashocd ths glowing descriptions given of him by the leading pncnaIs of Now York, Boston, said other cities of the United States. tee fret played last week at Maine. Puezl'e annual neatinto at the Banover-sqoore Rooms-one of the most brilliant and f.aahioaabls musical enteetneamenja in Leaden. On this occasion then was a constellation of talent, the principal performers being Wine. Lcmn,enaSherrengton, Mdlle. Georgi, Mdme. Lomsire, Signer Chimer, east Mr. Tennont. All of them acquitted themselves whh their aecuatoneed success; hot none made a greater iuapeeesiaa so the highly muaioal aodionce than the young American stranger. A. boy in yeare, he in a men in intelligence end genies: This age, it is sold, does not exceed thirteen years yet he plays like a woil-edecoated and highly-accomplished artist. We hairs occasion he know thst be is thoroughly acquainted with the works of the great classical masters

and plte era/teal load', the finest sonatas of Banthovoe anJ ltandelBUBO, 6-a thing whioh very few, even of the meat celebrated perfocmors, sea able to do. On this ocoasion heperfnrsaed Thalteag'e iomDUB fantasi'0"' Don 0 ;1 and on to being oathosiaolica!fy encored, he seebatlinted icr it the sense composer's still mere celebrstod fantasia on "Moac in Rgitts." Master Tape's second public appeoracce was at the last consort of the Vecol Aeoeeiataon, whore his dieplay ef talent was eqssall strIkIng, and his soeceso eqsouly hsillioat. Ta this hey's precocity, snrprieing as it is, the" is nothing unsound or hollow. hollow. In the laxnrisnt growth of his talent than his not been any of that fearing, that hot-hod training, which are too of ten i applied to oxtrooedinozily-gifted children. The progress, thasgh rapid, has been enthral said healthy, arid he may be reasonably expected to become one of the geesteet artiste of the time.
In the American papers there ore nuuoerouadvertioentettis of Mrs.- wishing to odoyt ehihlreo sinCe orphans bi' fho war. One steerttoooioot c0000i00000 tints :---'' Clsilstreo taken tar oloytias awl alopicit sub to

-I  three little giil&, Fmai one ysur tu vight~u nmithi oil.

)Fo ten y000g ionic in Mitt. that rye,;, Crest birth, ALso the lady lviii lt.L5t

coil. Little (irorge its costly,:'
THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

r'nMUL ATTACK ON THE ULOABGUR DBThNOES OF CadIeLEMIT. (ftem ear Special Ocrrespoe'fel&)

Charleston, April 5.

Arlength the long expected moment arrives. Nine peaerellronolld ore scan off the Box, aocomponied by twenty-foor wooden vessels of war, while others are coming up in the distance. A greet number of transports having troops on board are in the mouth of the "Steno

Biter, end GOOD Federal soldiers have been. already landed on" Cole's"

Island. Their object is to take the land defences of Charleston in the

flask, while the fleet make an effort to force a Passage past the forte. Should they succeed, the city of Charleston will lie at the merry of the North, endite cause, which has sustained so many disappointments and repulses, will receIve a great encouragement. But I have every faith in the result of the coming encounter, for never at any time have the Confederates been more determined to do or die then they express themselves now. Every preparation has been made, every appliance pressed into service by General Ripley, the Brigadier commanding, to give the fee a worm reception; end, Surrounded as he is, aprently by obstacles that appear ineurmeontable, his zed end success seem perfectly wonderful. His headquarters during the coming fight will he in Pert Sumter itself, end, as he expresses it, he will 'fight it low down' until net a brick nor stone is left for another to root upon before he gives in. If the mailclad monsters now in the offing ere repulsed, it will be to General Ripley end the brave man under him that victory will be due. I send you now a sketch of sinking torpedoes by moonlight in the ehannela by which the enemy will probably advance to the attack. As this letter mast run the gauntlet of the blockading squadron, end may very probably be captured, I will be silent as to how many thousand pounds of powder are contained in each of these strange engines of warfare. In my next letter I will do my beet to give a graphic account with pen end pencil of the impending fight, which will be assuredly one of the most extraordinary ever witnessedarmourplated Ships against send-batteries, earthwork end brick end stone forts.

 Pert Sumter, Charleston Harbour, Morning of Spoil S.

The antcualy.awaited attack took place yesterday afternoon, at three p.m. I immediately started for Fort Sumter, whence I intended to witness the fight. Upon my way, as I crossed the Battery promenade to the boat, a scene met my eye which demonstrated undoubtedly that the ladies of Charleston had he undue fear for the result of the attack, which, if suocoaeful, would place their homes at the mercy of an exasperated foe. I sketched the scene, end finished the drawing in the evening, while the garrison of Port Sumter were repairing damages. The engagement, of which no doubt you have received full partirulare, lasted two hours and twenty-five minutes. There were eight turreted iranolada, including the boasted double-teoreted 'Kookuk' end an immense plated frigate known as the Ironaidce. .Alltheee marine menders was armcdwith eleven end fifteen inch guns. They were all struck by the forts repeatedly; and, after maintaining the fight for the time I named, they steamed away, evidently mach damaged. Thin morning we have ample evidence of the fact. The Keokok has sunk, while another of the Monitors has been towed away South, disabled. Six h-onclada only an left off Mortla Island, anchored out of range of our guns. Withthemia the Ironaidea, with all herpumpe at work, proving plainly enough that she hadheen bit below the water-line. Clothes clotted with bleed have been picked up that have floated from the Keokok, end there can be little doubt that she was pierced through and through, and that the lose of His on board her has been severe. Iwiliforward other Sketches as cpportunlty efface of the incidents of the fight0 the thickeot port of which I witnessed from this place. The Confederate lose does not amount to more than fear men killed and about a dozen wounded. There were a few casualties here, and we had two of our guns dismounted by the fire fromthe ships. The fight maybe renewed at any moment if the pedards have the stomach fer the attempt; but I think they have suffered too much to provoke another encounter, In my sketch of the Battery promenade during the fight, Castle Pinakney may be aeon in the foreground to the left; then Battery Bee, Portbteultris, end Fort Beauregard, on Sulliven'e Island. In the centre is Fart Sumter, with the Keokuk to the left and the other tuoretedironelada, Between Sumter and Cummiog'e Feint Batteries, on Morris bland, on the right, are other Monitors, end the Troonidea, The enell, isolated fort in the eantre middle distance is Pert Biploy. The Yankee transports have landed some thousands of men on Folly Island, South of Morris Island, who will, as soon as possible, receive every attention.

Evming of April 8,

My Sketch shows all that remains of the boasted Keckuk, that was

to take so great a share in destroying Fort Sumter end forcing an

entrance into Charleston Harbour. In all probability her guns will

be recovered by the Confederates, and the vessel itself maybe raised, should the remainder of the Yankee fleet follow the example of the

¥ Monitor, which has already retired in a helpless condition, apparently,

from the scone of motion.
CALIFORNIAN WO1fDEES-In California the vineyards cover 4500 acres, and hi 1851 a million gallons of wine were made. Pumpkins stash fiO lb., and potatoes OlIn Crops of sixty bushels to the acre are not core, but the yield of barley is from thirty to thirty-five buaheie. The big-tree greve is eight miles bog; the largest tree measures 123 ft. in circumference twelve

feet from the goueud. The fret house built in Sea Francisco was be 1536; In 1861 there were 11,261 houses. The largest geld eesgget found in California weighed 196Th. In 1861 ono million dollars' -worth of quicksilver was exported - from this cetmtry. There are also extensive bade of sulphur, enpseelteesse, and plounbage, and large lakes and springs impregnated with borax. The children been hero ore an the average larger, and there are more hvluo horn bore, thee'. In any other part et the world -Vet jfortsn Psprl.
The operations of the French in Mexico seostere long be can. ducted on a large sonic; and if the policy which is supposed to have dictated that expedition be carried not, it will involve 0 war between Prince and the Northern States of America, the former power becoming the ally o the Confederates. liven if such on event be thought somewhat remote, at can hardly be denied that whore so many small causes of difference, if not of diopete, exist at present between England and the Federal States, they may at any moment take an aggregate shape and ripen into a reseat kohl. So moos for the prospects of the future; a word or two now on actualities.

Probably at no period of the contest in America lees more in teeest been felt than In the movements of General Hooker, the present commander of the Army of the Potomac. Haquestionably some sympathy is felt fee a Federal General who exhibits at ones boldness and chili. The tactics whish Beaker adopted bad within them the elements of brilliant nsceess; hot the materials with which he hail to work are spparesstly unfitted for such a system as he has pursued, copenally when bets opposed to leaders en daring and vigilantes Lee and .Taeksosr, ably seconded as they are by their singularly Mobile troops. By a bold and unexpected movement Hooker,

 elivtdbeg his forces end crossing .the Happahannoclc at dif-ferent potato, succeeded in placing the bulk of his army an the most between Fcedcrieksboeg and Richmond, and, therefore, in the rear of the Confederates, leaving a corps ,miler General Sedgwiek to occupy the attention of the enemy by advancing upon the battle-field of Fredericksburg. Not in the leant taken aback, Stonewall Jackson, by a rapid Counter movement, onlilasaked Honker himself, and fell fiercely oil, Me right wing; and for two days a series of obstinate eaeeenters-a battle, divided as it were, into four or five aoteensued. and when the latest accounts left America there could be no doubt of Hooker's entire failurs. On the third day, he was standing on the defensive, intrecnlelcg himself, his front sempletoly changed, no longer between the Confederates and Richmond. He had their whole army in his front and the rivers ltappehamaeek and itapidan in his rear ; while Sedgwiek'a corps, which had continued to threaten the Confederate army, was assailed,defentedwitla great less, and driven hack aseroostharivor. The position of the Federal General is such that he will be subjected to an attack in force by the Confederates, and, unless a military miracle In wrought, we do not ace anything for him bar a choice between capitulation and being driven into one of two riven, according to his selection. Assuming his defeat. the question arises whether such an occurrence will be considered decisive of the war. We confess we think not. It would be quite possible for the Confederate Army to follow Meeker and march upon Washington, but it is much to be doubted whether such a course will be pursued. Apart from the perils of an attack on Washington, which city would of stems he defended by the concentration of all the Federal troops whirls could he got there, en that something like a, siege would ensue. It is not unlikely that the Confederate statesmen would look at an araault on the mpitai of the once United Btatrn more from a political than a military paint of viewThe Capture of Washington by the Seceesioniete would urns. perate the Northerners and goad them to froth eltorts against the South; while, as amatteref policy, itmayseorn to Jefferson BRAS and his advisers judicious to let it appear that the war is net aggressive on their port,

 AMBRICA.

By the arrival of the steamer Persia we have received Were York journals to the 6th inst.

writ erewe.

At six o'clock on Saturday evening, May 2, General Stonewall Jackson with his whale enrpe of 40,010 men, threw himself smpetesonaly on the extreme That of the Federals formed by MajorGeneral Howard's corps. 'that corps eoesaatsr? chiefly of German troops. Without waiting for a single volley from the Confederates, this corps abandoned their position behind their breastworks and fled, panic-stricken, towards head-quarters. To retrieve the day General Hooker soot his own old army corps, then commanded by General Berry. This coupe succeeded in eheekang the advance et the theretofore victorious assailants, and drove them bank into the intresuobed

tasition lately voomtod bythe German. troops. The Confederates ospured twelve pieeeo of usenet. The Federals lost General Bony-, and the Confederates are reported to have lest General A; P. Hill an the engagement with General Berry's osepa -

On the next day, Sunday, General Jackson continued his attack'..

He ocmmenusd the esrlsuglat at 1.10 a.m. end the battle raged until 16.60. At thu end of that time the Cenfesieratee had gained about a mile and a half of ground, and had driven General Masker truer Chsnoeilorrvillo, whirls had been his head-qnartere. A correspondent of a New York newspaper writes of this day's fight in treat aS Chaneelieravllle as follows:

Th. eogogro,eno hoe tooted efs hoses hssr had been the most toroles et thee roar. Our orttneoy had ittoeaeay etsuelotered the essay, and mau' at the companies had roes he-By hr man, thormeelvea, hot the coos were all ssvn.5. The roe,oe boo gained ions grooms it is true, but at Odes sacrta:s 55 the flower of l,ta fore,, eve at his seven dirtolam home booo oath to reason to the Core, and ever race of them buying fallen late our bands.

 In the afternoon several attempts were made to force the Federal lines, bet they were repulsed by the Federal artIllery. General Hooker was bossy throughout Sunday night arid. Mendsp tofronthing his present position, and was confident of his ability to hold it against the enemy. Monday was a very qeist day tlar.soghont the lines.

On Sunday there was fighting in front of the batteries whislt

crowned the Iseighto above leredenokeberg. After air hours' fighting General Se,lgwlok, by a brilliant char ge, captured the Ccntsdeeate gene, including the celebrated Washington Artillery Ceeapany, which had figured in every engagement on the Potomac Mat Bappahaxonock.

OnM

onday the Confederates above Phederioksbarg were rsinferoed by General Lvngstroet?s column, whtsh had feat arrived from Suffolk. This fares enabisd the Confederates to regain the positions they had lost the day previous and to drive General Sedgwiolr across the river. Thin horsrdeaa operation was accomplished between midnight and two o'alsek on 'tuesday morning. Thu Confederates raked the bridges, creating much confusion end causing considerable loss of life. Them also premed the Federal roar when they discovered he was retreating, end harassed it incessantly. With the remainder of his corps he marched off to United States' Ford in join the main army ardor Careered Hooker.

The Fsderels crossed the Nansemoad River at Suffolk, and agates loss miles below that place. They encountered the Confederates and captured melat gone.

General Banks has occupied Opelaw,ssa and Washington, Lonleissna, The Federal attack on Grind Gull failed.

anecan.a,.siexovs.

Mr, Vollnndins,lsom, the leader of the Northern Poaoe party, his

been arrested et his residence in Dayton Ohio, by a detachment of

soldiers, who buttered down the door, of jois house to reach his room.

His friends rang the town firs-ball, ealloated a mob, and endeavoured

to rescue him, boot were unable to prevent his being rented prisoner

to Cincinnati. General Borneide is said to have ordered his secret f en reeking seditious speeches in Ohio,

Mr. ltodgato, one of the owners of the cargo of the Peterheff, has

applied to the Courtfrs- permission to testify an his own account. The Conmtnefuord the application, on the ground that Mr. Bedgato, being a citizen of Tease at the time of the Secession, must he regarded as an alcoa onemy. The examination of the cargo oentlnaos,

oAr.arondcra.

On the 27th nh the stsamnr Ads Hancralr, while plying in ths

harbour of Son Pedro, in the southern part of this Slots, exploded

her boiler, killing forty out of sixty paeoengeaa, and wounding the neat, save seven. Among the killed is Hiram Kimball, the Mormon adisnoneay.
PLANTER'S RESIDENCE ON THE CUMER RIVER, SOUTH CAROLINA. IN describing the sketob. from which tine Engraving ie taken, our rorreepondeat writes :-1. Though we are in mid March here, the hlimate is jacob temperate' and beautiful, resembling very much the warm eunny doye of June at home.. What the heat will he in the mourner time you may readily imagine. Alter May however, the plentera residing ontiae rivet banks remove with their families to the 'pine burreue,' or upper country,

the malaria arising from the

swamps and rice lands making it dangerous for whites in remain during- the hot menthe in the neighbourhood of the river. The, treee to the right of the .Rngravieg are three of the loftiest palmettos I have yet seen. The dwarf plant at their foot is the aloe which bloom once or twice

onlycentury."

(Icr other Engraving, from drawing by the earns hand, repro'eeote the old negro eervanta of the planter's family among his children. flowerer repugnunt slavery to an toatittatien most be in the Englieh mind, on useful purpose in to be gained by keeping the eyes shut to the undoubted feet that, where the slaves are well treated, many of them grew aoauatemed in, and happy under, their servitude. This beuomoe eaeier when at as recollected that the children of the family grow op among the negro .domestic, eervaot end often learn to regard them with as much affeotieo as they chow their own parents.
LONDON: SATURDAY, MAY 2, 1803.

Ma. 13 RIGHT'S avowal of regret that the trades unions in this country do not take more action in political matters has not been expressed in vain, Encouraged by the member for Birmingham, the unions have been pleased to approach Mr. Adams, the American Minister here, with information as to their opinion upon the Fdcru1 and Confederate struggle, and have also favoured Lord Palmerston with a visit in the interest of Poland, and with suggestions for the benefit of the Foreign Office. Neither demonstration should be treated disrespect
fully, for there is no doubt that, though the individuals cornposing the deputations may have no personal claim to public attention, they have been instructed to utter the sentiments which happen at present to be those of a very large number of English workmen.

The unions told Mr. Adams that they believed the cause of the North to be the cause of freedom, that they wished. for the success of Mr. Lincoln's armies, and that any English sympathy that was manifested for the Confederates was entertained by other than the working classes. The deputation would not have fairly represented the order of salad which is usually found among the humbler orders, and would have been unworthy pupils of Mr. Bright, had they confined themselves to these stair. ments and failed to impute unworthy motives to other persons. It was fitting, therefore, that Mr. Adams should be told, that the educated classes in this country favour the South from enmity to democratic principles, and because personal interests are involved in the maintenance of an aristocratic system against wbiqh American institutions are a standing protest. We are not disposed to speak harshly even of this kind of talk. It is the language which is taught by the inferior press, and largely used in "the poor man's club," and it is a thousand times better that working men should speak out what they think to be truth than that they should mutter it in secret societies, or whisper it in exchange for pass. words and handgrips, or that they should dilate their linest nonsense with the washy platitudes dear to vestrymen and hireling orators. If they really think that all the parsons who are so much better qualified than themselves to form an opinion upon a question of foreign affairs are either haughty tyrants or interested knaves, by all means let them say so, and thus give a practical answer to certain other persons who affect to believe that the English workman requires an elaborate machinery of protection to enable him to express the political sentiments which he is afraid to utter in the face of his conntrynieie.

 We are not vain enough to suppose that we arc favoured with the ear of many of these who waited upon Mr. Adams, or that it would be very profitable to attempt to show them that one may be neither a tyrant nor a knave and yet be unconvinced that Mr. Lincoln is a patriot, and that the devastation of a vast and beautiful country is wan-anted even for the sake of forcing slave emancipation, were such the object of the invaders. Were we likely to be listened to, we might urge that white men have their rights to freedom as well so black neon, end, moreover, that if Mr. Dane were to-morrow to send an envoy to Mr. Lincoln announcing the submission of the South on condition that the "domestic institution" were to remain intact, not only would peace be made on these terms by the next telegraph, but Mr. Davis's envoy would be the most popular individual in the Northern States. Re would be photographed, fited, serenaded, and the next week would be anything but a pleasant period in the life of 'Massa Greeley," and such of his sable protdgds as might come in the way of the exulting patriots of Federalia. This is, how-ever, so perfectly well known to every dispassionate person that it is almost wonderful that messes of our fellow.cnontrysrlen can be blind to the fact.. But they have been told that this is a war for the freedom of the slave, and they accept with child-like faith an idea which it is so -very easy to grasp, end reproduce with au iteration that would be ludicrous if we could see anything diverting in the ignorance of men who honestly believe themselves qualified to govern the State.

While, however, the working class confines itself to an approbation, upon wrong grounds, of the policy of the Government of England, and restricts itself to a regret that our non-intervention cannot be reconciled with active measures in favour of the Northern States, there can be no serious quarrel with men who do no wrong, but simply blunder. We are not going to interfere for the South; we seize steamers that appear to have been fitted out with that intention we encourage no breaking of the blockade; and Earl Russell and the Earl of Derby, as repre. sentatives of the two powers in Parliament, go out of their way to compliment the Prize Courts of America, and to declare that allowance ought to be made for the natural Irritation of the Federals at the numerous attempts made by our merehoantsto sell munitions of war to the South. So far all classes are happily

at one and this is well. Bat e a vice 0 F. "xi IN
I2IPNRIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS-MONDAY.

a UPtvtD Smreat Blues COURTS.-The Marquis of Ot ictI1DB moved

or copies of aorts froconsular or diplomatic agents in N000li

as o, 'h.&7

se or P=in gs of gnu courts of the United Sttoo, axl pointed out VV , owing to the note of lao American Government, eilch wein inconsistenth the love of nations, and pretensions asserted by them totsl?g uolaccrd f by easy inoreautile community, a least part of the ude of this ed'oectnptbat with thu Gulf of Meotto-wee paralysed; end it, prounit stt'to of things went cii there mOot be wee botweeA thin country and the Federal deuce-Han RUSSET,o, contended that it host not been showlo that the United Stfes had thrown lde the law of nations, and against-all law and joetice landipterrupted British trade In neutral wutui, and thGevernment was asked while proceedings wore pending in the ease of a particular ship to declnxe all tho proceedings wrong. The United States polio eOta were proper tnlbuoalo, end, he believed were impartial, and deeireus of doing justice, while theydeferredwibtercspectollngUehdeclnione to maritime iiotgtnati000l law. It wee afectthstmoisyyeseelewoutframlqamauterauthcbtocujeof thoSouthern ports, audit coosot be much complained of that the Uoited Statue cruisers theold lie ouspiciouend vigiloant. He voueoelled fer1ooe.enrc on both aides In any differences wile might arise between thta conotry and the United Staten-The Earl of 'ulocr was of opinion that the statement of Lord Clecrirerde had betas ndgeoccd, and tbt be had somewhat rashly adopted the notion of the injustice of, the American price ranntp He thought that this question should be approatued with good temper u4¡. moderation, seeing that o large contraband trade was earrie on with thc Southern States-Lord Chiduewonort stated that thO,law was that any v,eaaol currying contraband of war bound for a neutral port'acooold not be eoitd, whatever her subsequent destination ought be-The mt,on for papers 'öaa withdrawn, and the soobiect

dropped. /
It is estimated that there are thirty tons of American silver

accumulated La Toronto, Bhaoilteu, and London In On-ado. The following

placard in hung op ho the Oaioudlooo noerohaooti storos-ylo., Aooerlcaa shin

token at 5 per rout discount.

In the Federal army there are 74 Major-Generals, Am pay

he ooo5& each A to allowed three atdon4ouoomp,

whose pay ho 0000olels, snob. -Thorn 104 llrlgodji,,r-aonorojs, orhooa pay 10 4000 dolo. ouch per nooeom. Toiry Ilolgodlor-Gonerul boo two PA doo-dc-ueoop; their pay ho bOObdobo. eoth.-Jotw Fort frhtoooo.
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Montreal Company's steamer Norwegian,

from Quebec, we have advieee from New York to the evening of the:

16th inst.

WAR NEWS.

On the evening of Tuesday, the 5th, General Hooker, finding his communications threatened, commenced his retreat across the Rappa)aeanock, which was swollen by a tremendous torrent of rain. The south tide of the Rappahaunook was evacuated before noon on the 6th. Nearly all of the army had crossed before the Confodoratos, found out that the Federale were retreating, and then they brought up a few pieces of artillery, which the Federal cannon drove bath. On this day General Hooker issued, from his head-gnartcre at Falmouth, an order of the day, wherein he claims that the army of the Potomac had indicted heavier blows than those they had received. Re thus eummancce the achievements of his army:

We have taken from the enemy 1000 prisoners and fifteen colours, captured

seven pieces of artillery, arid placed hors de combat 10,000 of our foe's chosen

tavopri We have destroyed his ddplte, filled with vast amounts of stores.

deranged his roosmcnieatleas, captured prisoners within the fortilicntlooo of

his capital, end filled hOe country with fear and consternation.

General Lee's report is dated the 5th, and is very brief:

To President Davis,-Ycaterday General Jackson penetrated to the roar of

the enemy and drove him from all his positions from the Wilderness to within

one nub of Chaueolloreville. He was engaged set thc same time in front by

two of Loogatreet's divisions, Many prisoners were taken, and the enemy's loss in lulled and wounded Is large. This morning the battle was renewed. lie "as dislodged from all his positions around Closmeefloravlfle, and driven back towards the Rappahannook, over which hots ssow retreating. We have again to thank Alnljhty God for a great victory. I regret to state that General Fax-Inn was kill ni; General Jackson severely, and Groerelo Roth and

¥ A. P. Rut, slightly wounded.

(signed)  R. Oh. Loc, General commanding.

The Federal, wounded, 1200 in number, who were left behind on the southern tide of the Ilappahannock have been gent across under a flag of truce. Some of the Federal wounded were burnt on the woods around Ohencelloraville, they having been- fired by the shells of both armies.

On the 7th the President and General Hafleck visited the head

quarters of General Hooker, and had a long consultation with him.

Genugel Stenemen's expedition is the most important achieve
moot of the Federal cavalry during the war. The expedition conotated of 2700 picked men and a light battery of six pieces. Dividing themselves into dotaobmeute and giving out that they were the advance guird o&the medic ormz toay penetrated wifely to within two miles if Richmond. On their way they destroyed railwiay stations, telegraph wires, and bridges; tare up 10 miles of railway connecting General Le&e army with Richmond, burnt large stores of food and clothing, end broke the looks in the domes Aver Canal. On the morning of the 7th his whole force, baiting one ether and thirty-seven men, arrived wifely. within the Federal lines, having

ontured and poxclllod upwards or 36o men.

~~ wound of General Jackson was grave enough to demand the

T'm putation of the am, Under the effects of this opkation lie sank,

the oftcrnocn of the 9th. General Lee announced the death of

this redoubtable soldier in the following general ardor:

With drop grief the Commanding General 00000ncee to the army the death

of Iio0000onO.0000eet Jaohoou, ovl'o expired on the lab, at 1.00 pm, The ,000inc ,lem and energy of thtecreat end cood e000tior, by a decree 01 an aU-,eieeProvidro(o, are now lost Ores. But, while we mourn death, we feel that lie epiritlives, end 10110 trepiro the whole army with boo indooaiialolo c0005ee end )nmhekou confidence in God no our hope and strength. Lot his neon be ewahhword for WE corpo, 'who have followed him to vlotcry or 00 many fields. Let officers and aohoiere imetate his lrrviut lab determination to do everything to the defence of our beloved country,

(Signed)  L. B. Lug.

 General Jaokeon's funeral took place at Richmond, on the 12th with great -demonstrations of sorrow and respect. A Eldhiuon& journal Bays of it that eiuoe the death of Was "ton no similar event had so sorrowfully impressed the peepie of Virginia.

The Ricioioeuf Inquirer considers ooneidere Chaneelloraville the most bloody

oncocnteryet fought, and estimates the Confederate lass at from 8000 to 10,000, an that of the oderal.a at from 25,000 to 30,000, including pofocrers.  -

The Federale, under Generala Reyos end Peek, estimated 12,000

strong, have occupied West Point, an York River, and destroyed the

by:(' gs in the neighbourhood of While Douse.

A LP Footer has bombarded and captured Grand Gulf said to be

the key teYlokoburg. This place was a fortified oamp on abluif twenty miles south of Vookoburg. After the bombardment, the enemy evacuated the place, after blowing up their ammunition and spiking their guns. The Federals only loot eighty in killed and wounded.

Ileteral Grant officially reports that he met the enemy, 11,000

strong, four miles south of Port Giboou, the capitol of airborne

county, Mississippi, and routed him, with the lose of many killed and

about 500 prisoners, besides the wounded. The Federal loss was

sheet 100 killed std. 500 wounded. The Confederates retreated towards Viokaburg. General Grant also reports that General Griereon bet destroyed numerous railroad bridges, locomotives, end stone throughout northent Mississippi, creating great consternation throughout the Slate. The Governor cats every ablebodled man to arms. At last accounts General Grant was encamped near Black River, of ghtean miles from Grand Gulf, awaiting reinforcements.

 The death of Confederate General Van Darn to officially reported. Be wee shot during a private altercation.

Ten Federal negro regiments have been organised at Memphis, Tennessee, and ten more are in course of ergnuioetien.

General Thomas Francis Meaghor has romped the commend oSthe

Troth Brigade. He says that the assault against Proderirkeburg in December loot reduced the brig ode to something loss than a minimum regiment of ref entry. He memorialized the War Department in rain that the brigade ohould be relieved from duty for a time, and opportunity given to renew itself. That memorial was never acknowledged. The late operations at Chenoelloraville- still further reduced its numbers, Lw remain in o command of the onigade would be a public deception, m which the military reputation of a brave race would be involved. General Meagher, however, places his services at the disposal of the Government in anyrapaeity they may appoint.

- ran snares AND raw coreeoxorrrore ACT.

Prseidentldneoln hoe issued a proclamation explaining the position

of aliens under the draughting law. No plea of alienage will be received, er allowed to exempt from the obligations of the Consortytlon Ac' any person of foreign birth who shall have declared on oath his intention to become a citizen. of the united States, and who shall be found within the United States during the continuance of the war, at or after the expiration of sixty-five days from the date of the proolomatios; nor shall any such plea of alienage be allowed in favour of any such paroon who has deolarad his intention to become a citizen of the United States and shall have exercised at any time the right of suffrage, or any other political franchise, within-'the United States.

,emernnnoimova.

A Captain of a Federal regiment has been- dismissed the Foderol service for violating the sovereignty of a friendly State on trresting.a deeertor and bringing him away from within the boundaries of Canada. - The do= has been discharged from the Federal service

The United State? Circuit Court at Cinoinnatid has decided npt to Uses a writ of hoboes corpus in Mr. Vallandagham'o vase.- -

Gus section of the Democratic party in Now York has passed resolutions demanding the discontinuance of the war, and denouncing the foreign policy of the Administration for having, placed the United States in a position "where even England dame to bully her." They demand that the Administration- shall no longer submit to insult from England, and pledge every man' and every dollar to resent that basalt,

The New Foot Times is now printed on,Jcsper imported from Belgium, which emote there lid. per pound. Lhe duties and rate of exchange nicks it ooat 7id. to the importer at New York. But that is lees then the price of the seine quality of- paper of Amnruoan manufacture,

tin,, t drat fugitive slave who was surrendered from Massehuostte5 after the passage of the Fuggtove Slave Law of 1858, has smrmpod into- the Federal lines from below Veekaburg, aeoompamed by his wife; end two comrades. Negotiations for his purchase were on foot when the war broke out and pint an end to them.

Thotriol of the Potorhofd has been postponed. The Price Court has decided to receive Mr Rodgat e'a toatimony.
/ WARRENTON, VIRGINIA,

(From a Covospcoc!ecl.)

NEXT to Fredericksburg the only place of any importance included

within the area of the late four days' battles in Virginia is Wetrenton, sometimes called Warrington.

This town is the capital of Fatquier (pronounced Forkeer) County, end has three or four thousand inhabitants. It has for many years been a fashionable resort during the summer, on account of the mineral springs in its neighbourhood. It is noted for its healthfultees end its beautiful scenery near the Blue Ridge mountains. It is about twelve miles from the Gordoneville, Culpepper and Maneesas Railroad, at the termination of a branch leading directly to the town. At this point the engagement took place between the Federal Colonel Dc Forrest, and the Confederate cavalry under Colonel Moseley, known as the "Black Horse Cavalry," and which was first organised in Fanquier County. It was probably merely a slmirmmdeh, or surprise, though variously described as a "reconnoieeance," a "heavy fight," and a "terrific charge;" in which "the rebels were scattered in every direction."

Warrenton has been for a whole year in the miserable plight of a

border town held alternately byfriends end foes. After theevacuation

of Manaseas and all that section of Virginia by the Confederate army,

it was held by the Federals. For a time its beautiful residences

became hospitals and soldiers' quarters ; and its fields and gardens were laid waste. Then, again, Confederate successes drove the Northern forces from the neighbourhood. The whole of Fauquier County is now almost cleared of provisions, the lend has remained uncultivated, those of the inhabitants who could afford to seek other homes have long since done so, while the poor have been compelled to remain, and to suffer all the miserable privations of war.

Wsrrenton is sixteen miles west of the battle-ground of Bull Run, twenty-two from Centreville, end about twenty south of Leeeburg. It is situated on a high and varied range of hills, which, however, are low in comparison with its beautiful background of mountains. The principal residences are detached, and surrounded by trees and gardens. It has six or seven small churches, the handsomest of which is the Episcopal church, seen in the centre of our Engraving. To the right, the flag is waving from the cupola of the Courthouse, which is situated in the principal street of the town proper.

Warrenton has always supported excellent sohools, and boasted a large and handsome new college, where the education of young ladies was conducted by professors of acknowledged ability. -

To the left of the Engraving is the railroad, which terminatee about

100 yards beyond the little wooden bridge-one of those slight structures so moth more easily burned or destroyed than replaced in these tronblooe times.

Fauflier County has been distinguished for the refinement of its eociecy and for being the birthplace of many eminent Virginians. The late er-President Tyler, ex-Governor Smith, the Scatte, the Ashbye, and Captain Marr, the first victim of the present war, were nativee of this county.

Like most other American towns, Warrenton occupies a wide extent of land for the number of its inhabitants. The shanty andthe cornfield, with the decaying stumps of the ancient forest trees standing ameng the branching inaine, are found among villas andgardeo; and the whole country partakes of the -wildness of the mountain

In this rough, hilly country, where the roads at best maybe porn

pared to our broadest and wildest English lanes, and are so often impassable after heavy rains, the importance of a "plank-road'

is obvious. Where the long, heavy, parallel planks are planted firmly and closely on an even surface, a more permsnentlevel is secured than by any other means. Therefore was the plankroad between Fredericksburg and the County (Spotsylvania) Court-house an object of such contention in the late battles.
THE WAR IN AMERICA,

SCE-NEAT lOuT Moll [,TUIZ DURING THE DOMUMONTUXT OF

WI AIILEOTON.

(J'rOo, Cop 8jx'Ic,1 '.o,re.cpoiidvsrt.)

TuE Sketch I send you illustrates one of the most gallant toat in the bombardment of Fort Charleston. I had loft my position in Battery Bee and reached Fort Moultrie just fee time to witness it. The action. was at its height when, a broil out the flagstaff in two just above the traverse, and as it fell it struck a pool' fellow on the back of the head, killing tine on the spot. The quartermaster of the battalion in the fort immediately sprang forward, and seizing the fallen flag tore it from its hold and leapt on to the traverse, where he stood under the heavy fire immovable, until a jurymast was rigged and raised ore the place of the shattered staff. The soldiers in the foreground of my Sketch are removing the broken staff from the body of the poor fellow, who .lies beneath it, and who was the only moot killed be' the

Federal fire.

Pe.MERICt.

Dy the arrival of the steamers City of New York end Bohemian

we have New York morning journals of the 23rd roll., end n telegram

from Farther Point to the evening of that day.

'IVAot otu'e.

The Federal lots in killed, wounded, and missing in the late bottle

of Oheoroefloroville to officially stated to be as follows -Killed, 1980; 'woeroded, 7867. Motseon l'00 and 1800 of the wounded were ro slightly hurt that they were not oil' duty a single day.

111e chief intorcet in the recent operations centres in the valley of the Mieefeeippi.

' thneoul Orient occupied Jackson, the capital of the StrAc of
Mississippi, on the 14th nit,, having previously had a sharp fight at

]iamond and Mississippi Springs, driving the Confederates from there places towards Jackson. AU the public buildings were burnt and the stores sacked. Several hundred negroes sought refuge in the Federal ranks. Planters estimate the damage done M5,000,000 dols., and the country rings with the cry of suffering. On the 17th General

rant evacuated Jackson and proceeded towards Vickaburg. On tho 18Th General Grant met and defeated Lieutenant. General Pemberton near Edward's Station, on the Vicksburg Railroad, driving him across the Big Black liver, alter an engagement of nine hours' duration, in 'which Confederate General Tilgham, of Kentucky, was killed. The -Confederates acknowledge the loss of sixteen guns.

The latest telegram received from Farther Point announced that on flje2Oth General Grant captured Knees Bluff and the entire works of Vickaburg, also a large number of prisoners and fifty-seven guns. The battle was still raging. General Joseph ,Tohnstone was in cornniand of the Confederates. If it be true that Vioksbnrg has fallen, the Federals command the whole of the Mississippi except Port Hudson.

Colonel G brace, with a brigade of Illinois and Iowa cavalry from General Grant's army, had made a raid, passing from Tennessee through the heart of Mississippi, and reaching B&ton Rouge, Louisiana. Colonel Grierson travelled 800 miles in seventeen days, destroying 4,000,000 dols. worth of property, and portions of several railroads, besides capturing 1000 prisoners and 1200 horses.

 Admiral Farragut had arrived in New Orleans. He brought intel-ligence that Admiral Porter, with the joint fleet hr both Admirals, had

taken possession of Alexandria, seventy miles up the Red River. On the Cairo day.General Banks's forces arrived at Alexandria, forming a junction with Admiral Porter. Alexandria was abandoned by the

Confederates, who retreated to Shreveport, and took their gnu-boats

above Red River Fails. The capture of this point intercepts the

C(lifederate supplies from Texas and Arkansas.

General Banks has ordered an organisation of coloured troops to

be. called the" Corps d'Afrique," and to consist of eighteen regiments

of infantry, cavalry, and artillery. They, are to be organised and

mel) acted by the best army officers.  49

At Suffolk, in Eastern Virginia, two Federal regiments fired upon each other by mistake, killing and wounding a large number. Two c.ompaxiles of Federal mounted rifles were surprised and out up by the Confederates.

A Court of Inquiry into the case of the killing of Colonel Kimball by General Corcoren has been in session at Suffolk since the 0th silt.

The new coloured regiment organised in Massachusetts has been cadrred to Port Royal, South Carolina.

General Mesgher's resignation has been accepted by the President.

General Stonesnan's raid has been overrated. The Richmond end

Fredericksburg road was so little damaged that it was repaired in

tics nty-fcur home.

3&iSCLL.L4iiEOs.

The Federal debt is now estimated at 'J8,000,000 dais., of which -4O ,000,000 dols. is in legal-tender currency.

In consequence of disturbances at places of amusement at New

 Orleans, the Provost Marshal has ordered all the programmes of the entertainments to be submitted to him. They are not to be interpersed with national airs. Several New Orleans schoolmistresses have been 'heavily fined for permitting the children to draw Confederate flags and sing Southern songs.

The military Court sentenced My. Vallandi"ham to imprisonment;

In Fort Warren during the war. President hioohi, however, coinmuted this sentence to expulsion beyond the Federal lines. The Democratic party has espoused Mr. Vallandigham's cause, and ublio meetings of this party, approved of by the Governor of New-YorkNot, have been held in Albany and New York City. In Indiana a 'State-maas meeting has been held at lnclianopolis, the capital. The Administration as denounced as aiming at a military despotism.

A large qnantitypf free-grown cotton is said to have arrived at new Orleans from Western Louisiana, and more was expected.

THE nimArn OF GnwxiuL 3Acxsoiv.

The Richmond 1l,icrer gives full particulars of the circumstances

'ihilh led to the wounding of General Jackson. He had ridden, late

at might, on Saturday, the 2nd nit, in advance of the skirmishers, attended by his Staff and part of couriers. On returning, the cavalcade was mistaken for the enemy's cavalry and fired upon by a regiment-of his own corps. He was struokby three balls, one through the left xm, two inches below the shoulder-joint, shattering the bone and jevering the chief artery; another ball passed through the same arm, between the elbow and the wrist, making its exit through the palm of the hand; a third ball entered the palm of the right hand about its middle, passing through, and broke two bones. He fell from his horse and was caught by Captain Worinley, to whom he remarked, "All airy wounds. are by my own men." Several of Ins Staff and attendants were klled and wounded. The General was placed in a litter; but thering had attracted the attention of the enemy, who opened fire an their side. They shot down one of the litter-bearers, and the General tell from the shoulders of the men, receiving a severe contusion, adding to the injury of the arm and injuring his side severely. After amputation he complained of the effects of the fall from the litter. On Tuesday his 'wounds 'were doing so well that he inquired how -long he should be kept from the field. On Wednesday night, bo'wover, the inflammation set in, which caused has death on the following Sunday. On that day he sent messages to all the Generals, and expressed a with to be buried in Lexington, in the valley of Virginia. He frequently desired his Aides to report his hope that Major-General E 'well should, be ordered to command. hia corps.
IMFEJIZAL  PARLIAMENT.

I HOUSE OF COMMONS.-MONDAY.

- Sir It, reel, in reply to Mr. Mepweed, sate the Government had no U Information that the Federals were recruiting in Ireland The Ge cot was ewnee that agents had been there, and inquiries were being e with a view of discovering whether recruiting woe going on,.

i em il cC ttse. ob,,.,,o.

Lead Palmemlon, in moving the second reading of the African. Slave Trade 'Treaty Bill, complimented the United States' Government upon the liberal manner in. which they had acted with reference to the ebjeet of the treaty; After oshort discussion the bill was read aeecoied time

HOUSE OF COMMONS-TUESDAY.

- Mr, ll™eteiek gave notice that he should bring forward hia motion for the rrcegoibien of the Southern States on the 10th of June. Mr. Cioningicoen gave notice that be should move a direct negative to it.

In reply in life. Mepwood the Attorney-General mid the ease of the

Alexandra would in all probability come en for trial on Monday week

SL.1F6.her . lit
riousi OF COMMONS.-TRu$DAr.

PF.tZtTRlt OP BSOITISII VEtoLu.-Mr. OVFOitiy aeked the Under 8eoeotory for Foreign Afiales whether any claim lead been made upon the Thiled litatee Government for compmsatlon to the owners of the eehoner WiU-o'.tbe. Wiep, &lzed at Metamoraa in June, 1802, by a United States' cruiser, and afterwards relented by the decision of the Prize Court at Key Wool in the following .lnlly.-Mr, LAT,boee said there was some doubt of the vessel haring been seized in the Mexican wetore. The Prize Court decided there were eelScirnt grounds for the tehnro of the cese1, and therefore they cloolined to give costs. Mec owners could appeal, and after that appeal an application to the British Government could be mode.
The Confederate steamer Alabama put into Bahia on the

12th of May to land prisoners whom she had taken from on board four vessels which she had captured and burnt a few days previously. The member of

ships captured by this remarkable privateer was stated by the crew to be seventy-four, 'which number of chronometers axe arranged in Captain Semenes' cabin. The 1'iorida bad been at Pernanibuco, and had also been committing

great havoc on Federal-owned vessels. -
A AM RICA.

By the arrival of the steamer North American we have talegrime

by way of Farther Point and Cape Raos to the let inst.

WAR NEWS.

The intelligence of I he series of victories gained by G:neral Grant

is confirmed, save the capture of 'Vioksburg, where his good fortune

deserted him. His operations, up to the period when he commenced

the investment of Viokeburg, are summarised in the following

despatch :

The army of the Tennessee landed at Bruesbarg on the 30th of Apt il. On the let of may we fought the battle of Port Giboon, and defeated the rebele under General uneven, whose loss in killed, wounded, and prteontrs was at least 1100, end lose in artillery five pierce. On the 12th of May, at the battle of Raymond the rebels were defeated with a loss of 000. On the 14th of Mey we defeated General Joseph E. Jelinatene and captured Jackson, with a loss to the enemy of 400, besides immense stores and manufactures, arid seventeen pieces of artillery. On the 11th of May we fooglet the bloody and docleivo battle of Baker's Creek, in which the entire force of Yickoburg, under General l'esaborton, was defeated with a bee of 22 pieces of artillery and 4000 moo. On the 17th, of May we defeated the same force at the Dig Black River b 1 ]go, with the less 002000 loan and soventein pieces of artillery. On the 10111 of May we Invested Vlokeburg closely. On the 20th General Steele etc. led the rifle-pits on the north 01 the city.

The Southern reports tally with the Northern to this point.

Admiral Porter officially reports that he has destroyed the navy,

yards at Yazoo City, together with three powerful steamers, a

 formidable ram, all kinds of machinery, and property valued at 2,000,000 dole. The Admiral then sent his gun-boats to Hainea' Bluff; to the north of Vioksborg, which was being evacuated by th enemy, who, at the eight of the gun-boats, retreated hastily, leaving his gone, forte, and tents, which Porter captured. The Admiral destroyed all the works, encampments, and guncarriages, and then pushed the gem-boats up tie Mississippi from below and, opened fire on Vickburg. For the operations which occurred after the 20th we must rely on Southern accounts exclusively. These come down to the 27th nil,. Up to that day three assaults made by the Federals had been repulsed. In the fast their loss is estimated, at 1000 killed. end wounded. The last was made by General Sherman, with 20,001) men, end he lost 600 killed and a large number wounded, The Federal ..for lines were within 100 yards of the Confederate cuter works.

The Confederate fortifications consist of a chain of forts 801) yards

W iL art connected by deep intrenchments, and extending several miles.

en'er'al Pemberton commands the garrison of Vicksburg with from 1.5 000 to 20 (100 men, Confederate General Johnstont i said to beat Jackson, with 16,001) men, short of provisions. General Grant deelsa'e

that he is fully able to protect his rear against any attack ohnstono can make upon it, Four thousand five hundred prisoners captured by General Grant have arrived at Memphis.

The Confederates are crossing the Rappahannock. General Lee'

issued orders informing the troops they were about to have long and, rapid marches in a country without railroads, and warning them to prepare for severe hardships. It is not known in what direction General Lee intends to move.

 A coloured regiment has left Washington for the seat of war amid, much enthueiaem.

The New York Uooz,ncrcial Adr'erfi.ocr says:-" All the preo3era

taken an the Rappahennoclr have been exchanged, and it appears that

the number oaciured by us is just half that captured by the enemy.

The South claims to present a list in excess 66 8000, while ours iS little more than 4000,

General Boenside has informed General Bragg that be should hang ten Confederate officers if the Confederates retaliated for the two who General llsirneide aeeaotewerespies, tried end condemned in accordanco with the usages of war.

Mr. Vellandighamwas delivered by the Pederais into the Southern

lines, near Shslbyville, in Southern Tennessee. To the officer who received him he said -"I sue a citizen of the State of Ohio and of the United States. I am here by force and against my will. I therefore surrender myself to you as a prisoner of war." General Bragg had received him at head-quarters.

It is officially stated that the length of coast blookadei by the Federal squadrons, from Alexandria, Virginia, to the Rio Grande, is 3500 miles. There are 189 openings on this line of coast.

The Alabama, in company with the Florida, has destroyed ten

more Federal vessels.

¥  3ffSCET.LA1eEOI75,

Only one contract has been made and carried out by the Federal

Government for the voluntary transportation of free persons of colour beyond the limits of the United States, and that was at the rate of 60 dols. each for 000 of them in families, to the Island of Awash, near St. Dcmigo. Various Applications have been meets from the West

Indies for such supplies of black laurecs, but the Federal Government declines to make any more such contracts under the power vested in the President by the Colonization Ant.

The Boofon Journal states that Mr. Seward has severely rebuke,L Mr. Webb, the American Consul at Rio, for his letter to Earl Russell respecting his quarrel with Ma'. Christie, the British Consul.

The number of emipants arriving at the port of New York has

amounted, for several weeks past, to 1000 per diem. They are principally from Ireland. These numbers are threefold those of last year.

On the 21st salt. Miss Gisells Meszlenyi a niece of Louis Itossutlu, was married at the First Presbyterian Ckuroh, New York, to Mr. Ad albert Autbrezowitz, a Hungarian entlcmen of high position, who visited America for the purpose of taking the lady home as his bride.
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-THURSDAY, _

t

and 00 AFRICAN SLAVE as.~ he Firot Lent of the Treeeery whether the eitoeta which had been made hitherto by the British nation for the eepperesieea of the African slave trade might net, with advantage. be extended to the continent at America, and whether the time had not at length arrived when it became the deity at her Majmty'a Government to eater into friendly eiegntiatlena with the Federal Government of the' United states, for the perpese at eeecertiag measures far the gradeal bnt total sapierr'etan at the steve trade in the Oaiafederata States.Lord Fte,xeeeea'roee eat! his heec, friend wee aware that the Federal (tavern
meet had concluded a treaty with her Majesty's Government giving &motoal sight of scorch for the purpose of suppressing the slave trade. With regard to the Confederate States, they had paaeed a law which rendered the slave trade highly penal; but the Federal Government had no relation to the (Jonfederate States except the relation of war; and, as her Majesty's Government had not as yet acknowledged the esedopen donce of the Confederates, no cemmontration could take place between her Majoot/a Government and those States. In the coerce of time, if things should alter, they hoped that if the Confederate States succeeded in establishing their independents they would adept measor% similar to those adopted by the Federal States.

..SL._ A -k..-- ..A.1

During the American * the Confederates have fitted out

17 privateers, ii of which hove iiesoa destroyed. They have captorad 105 Federal mrreleantmcn, and destroyed two millions sterling worth of property.;

--  .. JLI es  - Ii fe _ cIrce
THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

BEPA1BIN DAL&G IN THE ASRMATE OF FORT 9UMM

ON TEN NIGHT OF THE ATTAM

(Froei oar os Co,qoedsC.)

AR the Federal fleet had retired, which they did about

"TL worinpar1‡es ftvm thegamisminntoldoff to w=

thoee portions of the cezematee which had been dsnise4. injuries in every case were only round the opemgs or ankbravve% the piers supporting the arches remaining nntouded. 8ce hundreds of sandbags soon set everything to rights, and the next we were ready, anxiously and TV* expecting a renewal o te attack.
Twotelegraphinmeenagos, nddreeoedto My, Cyrus Field, which loft Sun Francisco June 2, at 0.20 p.m., were brought by the China, which sailed from Now York on the morning of the 3rd, and arrived at Qeeeoetown on Friday night. In the Ihet message Mr. 2f'Clelheb the director of the Ccl osnbla telegraph, San Francisco, congratulates Mr. Field outloe encouraging pro speot of his soul olfert to lay the Atlantic cable. In the second message Mr. H. w. Carprostlor, president of the Overland Telegraph Company, San Francisco, says:-" We congratulate you on the prospect of the early euoouee of your great enterprise. In the meantime we know the shores of the Paollto are not idle. Already we talk to you across an entire continent, so if face to face. Meet year I hope will find you in communication with Oregon, Victoria, and British Colombia; another year elthMcxim; and ibree yeere with London end Paris by way of the Amour and St. Petersburg." The substance of the above messages was dispatched to St. Petersburg on Saturday morning, having been seat from San Francisco in the Pacific to St. Petersburg on the Nero, in 101 days, 0ef which were consumed in traversing the Atlantic by steamer. The rucesegesin question demonstrate that, whoa an Atlantic cable is renwee f:'By laid, St. Petersburg and the great telegraphic system of Russia, reaching alMost to the froetiere of Chins, will be able to communicate with San Francisco and the Bullish pceeeoelons on the Pacific within twenty-four hours.

AIM, RICA.

By the arrival of the Canadian snail screw-steamer Ribernisn w# have telegrams from New York, by way of Farther Feint, to the evening of the 6th inst.

WAR Nscws.

General Lee has evacuated Fredorielrebosrg and abandoned the line of the Rappahanneok. It is not known where he is gnus. General

Hooker has crossed the river and occupied Prsderieksburg.

The intelligence from Viekrborg reaches to the 2nd inst., at which

date General Grant bad planted siege-guns dose to the works. One division of General Grants army has gusto up the Yenos River. Confederate General Jehostons is at Jackson. On the 26th tilt. the gunboat Chsonnnatts, while attempting to pass Yiekeborg, was sunk by the firs nf the Confederate battsrios. More then twenty of her crew wereeither killed by the enemy's shot or drowned when the vessel sea.

The Confederate defences at Port Hudson wore assaulted on the 27th ult. by the Federals, under General Banks. The defences wen completely invested, while gem-boats en-operated from the lelienreerpys. The assault, however we are told was only "partially sucosesfis%c' end goos Federal soldiers were kilfsd or wounds but "fighting wet still progressing."

Letters from New Orleans, of the 23rd tilt., report that two Cm

federate orencledn from Mobile had ran out 7 the harbour and

captured the Federal ship of war Vintennee and sunk the etore-ehsp

Belief, wherh were lying at Ship Island.

A body of Federal cavalry was making a successful inroad lute

was_ deeCreying all stores, mile, granaries, Pa., as it proceeded through the country.

The vanguard of General Price's army crossed the Arkansas River

at Fort Gibonn, Indian territory, on the 11th silt., but was met and forced it fail back by the Federals, sander Colonel Phillips. In the skirmishing that occurred Colonel Phillips lost thirty men killed.

General Hunter is reported to have notified to the Confederates

that, unless the order for the execution of white officers of nagimmediately

droops was icnneediately rescinded, he should execute every Southern, officer and slaveholden in his possession,

Bleekude-ronning at Charleston is said to be very active. Ssveral captures of blockade rumors are reported.

Admiral Fonts is to relieve Admiral Dupont in the commend of the

Smith Atlantis squadron.

..emneodore Lordusr is to supersede Admiral WlllrsS 54 the West
ladies. It is asserted that Wilkes has been superseded in consequcuce of representations made at Washington by Lord Lyons,

iilSCELLAO1J$.

The Great Eastern sailed from New York on the 6th inst.

A great Democratic meeting, hold in New York, has passed resolutions, deelaring that the Federal Government had no right to coerce the States by military force, and recommending that hostilities should be suspended, and that a convention should be summoned to settle existing differences. Fernando Wood was the chief speaker.

Large Vailandigham meetings have been held on Buffalo, Newark, Philadelphia, and other places.

General Burneide is carrying matters with a high hand in his command, and some of his proceedings in regard to the Clu'rago Times, which he bad suppressed, had caused apprehensions of a collision between the people and the military at Chicago. President Lincoln, noc'ed, no doubt, by the warmth with which the Illinois Legislature was proceeding to act in the matter, has revoked General Burnaide's order and the Chicago Times has consequently reappeared.

The Chicago convention for the construction of a canal between the

Mississippi and the Atlantic was very largely attended, and a com

mittee has been appointed to make arrangements for carrying oat the

undertaking.

That the sympathies of the Dissenters of the South are with its struggle for independence is shown by a document published this week by the London Confederate organ, the 1dcc. It is entitled

An Address to Christians throughout the World," and is signed by nixiefy six ministers of various Christian denominations-including Methcthsts, Baptists, Episcopalians, Presbyterians, Lutherans, German Reformed, and some smaller bodies-of the Confederate States of America, with the annexed notice, that "its origin was from no

9Ii al ource whatever, but from a conference of Afinistan of the 0.11P~IICII ins the city of Richmond." The subscribers condemn time Northern President's "emancipation proclamation" as a violation of the Jaws of civilised 'warfare and an attempted barbarity. They ask if it be possible that extermination can be desired by Christians; and £na]ly go on to condemn abolitionism in terms as strong as those lately adopted by the Bishops of the American Church.
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE O' LORDS.-MogtDAy,

Tnv AMERICAN BLOOKADO. -SEIZURE 015 BRITISH VESSELS-The

Marquis of CnaEititAitDo brought forward a motion for paporo lit regard to the protection of British 005rehent-veosels in the West IndIan waters. In a speech of some length he condemned tics conduct of the Federal cruisers in capturing British vessels, and contended that the British Government ought to intrrftrc, even though woe should be too result-East RUSSELL dented that too FsdoroIo had shown any animus against British commerce. The trade of which the Marquis of Clourteardo had spoken was out altogether of

an innocent hind. Representations had, however, heen mode to the Federal

Government against a reckless selsero of ships, and these representatIons had met with every attention.-.The Duke of BOteunosrr also send a totter from

Admiral Mime, In which he stated that all the editors who had anything to do with Admiral WIlkes spoke of his courtesy.

- F., It.- , 0 .tr ........ ii
MASTER WILLIE PAPE, THE AMERICAN

PIANIST.

Wrrn BenlczsMoRE FAME was born at Mobile,

Alabama, on the 27th of February, 1850. His

talent for music was noticed when only four years old. In 1854 his father commenced giving bier instruction, and such was his progress that he played at an exhibition of the new organ of St. John's Cathedral, in Mobile, one of Baoh's voluntaries, before an audience of over 2000 persons. In 1858 he was admitted a member of the Alabama Philbannonic Society, and up to January, 1881, he had the honour to be a soloist at every concert given by that society.

At this time his father was advised to place him

under some distinguished master in Europe, and for this purpose he left Mobile in January, 1858, and was about taking passage for England when the intelligence arrived, of the secession of Alabama from the Union. This determined his father to remain for a time in New York, until the result of this disunion sentiment should be own. In the meantime the b07 was placed under the tuition of Sebastian Bach Mills, a graduate of Leipsic, with whom he went through a course of classical study.

Master Papa appeared publicly in New York for the first time in May, 1861, in a course of soires at the Stuveysoent Institute, with Mdme. Anna Bishop, and astonished the public by his extraordinary execution and wonderful memory.

In July he made his first appearance at the Academy of Music, New York, playing pieces by Beethoven, Thalberg, and Liszt. In February, 1862, he accepted an engagement in Havannah, where he secured the patronage of the Captain-General, Count Serrano. Alter spending a few weeks in Havannah he returned to the United States, and was invited by the Philharmonic Society of Brooklyn to be their soloist at their concert of the 8th of May, at which he met with the most marked success, both from the audience and the press. Alter a short engagement in New York with Mdlle. Pat ti and other distinguished artists, he took a tour through Canada, making the acquaintance of the Governor-General, Lord Munok, and other noblemen and gentlemen, who took a kindly interest in the young pianist and gave him introductory letters to many influential personages in England. Master Pa1=.

Rooms his first public appearance in England

at  Pu's matinŽe at the Hanover-square

on April 27, where he made a most success

ful debut, and was highly spoken of by all the leading journals. He has since played again at the Hanover-square Booms and at St. James's Hall with great applause, and he has altogether, during the short time he has been in England, a legitimate and marked success.
WAR AIM PORT =MON.

According to the last intelligence from America little progress baa

been made by either party in any quarter.

Viokeburg and Port Hudson still held out. General Grant repocta that the siege of the former was progressing satisfactorily; bag tho Southern ad-vices state that General Pemberton has announced his confidence of holding the fortress, and that General Jhnatone was to

take his time to organise his forces.

Richmond papers of the 6th publish the following speech of General Pemberton to his army:

You have heard that I was incompetent, a traitor, and that it was my

intention to sell Vickaburg. Follow me, and you wiU see too coat at which l

will cell Vickaburg; when the last pound of beef, bacon, and ftae, the last

grain of corn, the loot cow and long, liorco and dog, shall have been Consumed,

and the lest man atoll have perished in the trenches-then, and only then.

will I cell Yickobsrg.

A special correspondent of the New York- Times, writing from the Federal head-quarters near Vickabuxg, states that after some of the assaults on the place many of the wounded lay where they fell for

nearly four days, and that "the proportion of living to dead was

terribly emaIl," Few of those brou?lit off alive were likely to recover. In reference to the defences of Vicksburg, the same correspondent says

The rebels are, indefatigable in their efiorts to strengthen their works. Every

noorcieg reveals the erection of a new work, the repairing of an old one or the plenting of batteries in new positions. Yesterday mooning they aslontefied our forces on the right by opening up= them with two now guns-one a mouth 04 end the other a rifled Ill pounder. In fact, from on appearances,

they are as busy digging within as we are without; the morning roar of a new gun from our aide to smelly answered with delianue by some night-grown battery on theirs; and, in short, when we move they countermove; we mine and they countermine; and If we seemed In blowing tap or carrying their first line of works we shall probably find another loomeoliatofy In its rear.

General Johastone was concentrating a large force, and it was thought that his attack on the Federal rear would not belong delayed. As a preliminary movement, it is said that the Confederate General

Kirby Smith had occupied Milliken'e Bend, above Viokeburg, cutting

off General Grant's euppliee.

Admiral Porter ofSeially reports that he sent another expedition up the Yaooo which destroyed nine Confederate transports. Admiral

Porter ade that, with the exception of some few steamers beyond Fort Pembert on, the Confederates can now transport nothing on the Yacoo

General Banks was puohin the siege of Port Hudson, but acreunta from Mobile assert that the l'edsrala had been repulsed and that the General had lost his arm, The General reported that the behaviour of

the negro soldiers during the assault was heroic. All accounts of the conduct of the black troops sent into battle by the Fodorale at Port Hudson cancer in stating that they fought with great ferocity, The It
jV Orl.ana Express &lso intimates. that their appearance much

exasperated the Southerners, and that the latter gave no quarter.

A correepondent of the Cincinnati Inquires' writes from Mississippi

that the whole country from Milhiken's Bond to Hard Pines, opposite

arena G1f, a distance of sixty miles, is one "abomination of deso

lation"

It has been an earthly paradise; lordly palaces filled with pictures, statues, . articles of virus; beautiful gardens, teeming with floral beauties, are now all laid waste. In those magnificent halls where Southern beauty and chivalry were 'went to revel, soldiers k their despised with fires built out of rosewood chairs and curiously-carved furniture, sleep on cotton beds 'worth.sOdole. each, and in the morning abandon all to the horde of fifty bungry negroes, who follow the stony and, gather its refuse, like troops of unclean birds which smell the carcass from afar. Among these rich nabobs same excelled the Hon. John Perkins. His dwelling is magnificent even in its rains, and his gardens are still fragrant with acres of roses. When General luau catered New Orleans he chartered the Magnolia, one of the largest boats on the river, pest his most valuable slaves, pictures, plate, cattle, &c., on board, and set fire to the rest. Far seven miles his land blazed with 1000 bales of burning cotton and granaries of corn. His honed, with fnrnirurs which cast 200,000 dole, In Paris, end the houses of his overseers, all were fired, while he stood on the bank and watched the mighty conflagration. In the morning he embarked, a ruined man. I had never dreamed of such Arabian magnificence as I find in the ruins of the houses of these rich planters. In one garden I found no lees than seven hundred varieties of roses. This is, I believe, the largest collection In America. There are not more than three in Europe that equal it.

 Tim WAR flO VIRGINIA,

The report that General Leo had evacuated Fredericksburg and that Hooker had occupied the city was untrue. It appoars that, in consequence of the withdrawal of a Confederate brigade from Predeiioksburg, General Hooker sent a division across the Rappahannook at Deel) Run to reconnoitre. This division crossed in face of a heavy dre from the Confederate rifle-pits on the opposite shore, and, after capturing 100 Confederates in therifle-pits andasiertaining that Leaogstreet was there in force, crossed the river with the lose of forty men.

Onk.he 9th there was a Fevers cavalry engagement on the Rappa

]iencek. Lee had assembled a force of cavalry at Onipepper Courthouse for a raid into Maryland, and three brigades of Federal oavalry and 2000 infantry crossed the river at Beverley Ford to attack them.

A fight ensued, 'which lasted all day, when, heavy infantry reinforce-ments reaching the Confederates the Fedarals retired taking with thorn their dead end wounded. ha object of the expedition, to pre'vent the raid, is said to have been accomplished.

The .ZView Th* Times thus epitomises the great cavalry fight beyond

the Rappahsnnook

At daylight on Tuesday, the 0th, General Pleasa'oton crossed the Kappahassock in two columns, the right at Beverley's Ford and the left at Kelly's Ford, both fords being captured without much loss. Trio right column, commanded by BnBord, a mile from the river, canoe upon a brigade of Confederate cavalry just aroused from their sleep, when the fight commenced, and continued from five am, till three p.m., by which time the entire Confederate force, under general Stuart, consisting of 12,000 cavalry and 10 pieces of artillery, had been engaged, and driven back three miles on the right and five on the left with alight lees, the left column, under Gregg, having formed a junction with the right about two p.m. near Brandy Station. At three o'clock the fight was discontinued, the rebels having been driven back upon strong infantry supports, which were hurried up by rail from Ceilpepper, supposed to be a part of General Longstreet's force; and our forces returned almost unnoolcsteel to this ride of the river, The Confederate force proved to be more numerous than ours; but, notwithstanding this advantage, they were driven back with a'less of twenty and a stand of colours. Important papers were taken in the camps, by which it appears that General Stuart was to start on his great raid through the loyal States, passing through the Shenandoah Valley. This enterprise has new probably been postponed for a time.

 Several ylundering expeditions have been sent in different directions

by the Fe derals, and a great deal of property has been destroyed.

SiXSOP,LJ,,A2IEOlla. The Democratic State Convention of Ohio, after having unanimously

nominated Mr. Vallandigham for the governorship, appointed a committee to demand his release of the President. Mr. Vallandigham is said to have reached a Southern port, intending to sail for Nassau.

,The Governor of Illinois has prorogued the State Legislature till the 18th inst. Sixty-free Republicans left the Legislature, thereby preventing a quorum; but the Democrats refused to r000guise the prorogation, and entered a protest against the Governor for unconstitutional usurpation end the revolutionary breaking up of the Legislature. The Governor's pretext for his action was that there was disagreement between both Houses on the subject of adjournment. Great indignation was manifested among the Democrats,

A meeting has been held to raise 10,000 negroes for General Fremont. It was announced that President Lincoln had consented to give Prescient a department if negroes were raised.

-President Lincoln, in reply to a Missouri committee of Germans,

stated that Generals Fremont, Siegel, and Butler were not system

atically kept out of commend, but had y their own action placed themselves in their present position. He said that he favoured gradual emancipation. His being President might be a misfortune; but having been elected he meant to be President, and perform his duty if he died for it.

The enrolment is being resisted in Indiana. The Provost Marshal and his assistants have been shot. Considerable excitement prevails, and a military force has been sent to the scene of disorder.

General M'OIellan has reviewed two returned regiments from the balcony of the Fifth Avenue Hotel. Tremendous enthusiasm was displayed for him by the soldiers and people.

A Democratic meeting has been called in Brooklyn to denounce the

usurpation of the Administration.

The editors of the New York journals have passed resolutions

asserting their right to criticise the acts of the Administration and its subordinates, and denying the right of the military to suppress papers published fax from the seat of war.

A strike of the stevedores and longahore men is assuming a for

midable shape in New York, end all the men refusing to join are

threatened with violence. The Government vessels are being loaded by Government officials under a guard of soldiers for their protection against the loosgehore men.

In the case of the Dolphin it has been derided that a vessel sailing

for Nassau with the intention of proceeding thence to a blockaded

Fort is equally liable to capture as if she were bound direct to the

locaded port. A similar decision had been given in the ease of the

Eight schooners are reported to have been captured in the Gulf,

President Davis has revoked the exequatur of the British Consul at Biobmond for disregarding the legal authority of the Confederate Government in assuming to act as Consul for other cities than Ilichmcnd and other States than Virginia.
'We have received from 3eaera. Bacon wad. Co., Paterno ;tow.

row, copies of Hare's Map of the Vicinity of Rich mind end he Peninsular

Campaign ice Virginia; a Topographical Map of Loa lelaca, Mississippi, and Alabama; and a large Map of the State of Virginia- all published by S. K Caltoo, of New York. The first of the above valoabli nape is compiled from the official nape of the War Department at Washing too, and they will all be found moat useful in eempreheedieg the great milita ry struggle of which the

S totes above named form the some. -
THE BATTLE-FIELDS OF YIRGBIIU.

Wz present our readers with a carefully-prepared Map of the great B

battle-fields round Washington and Richmond. The majority of the M

apiled. with sufficient care le hitherto published have not beau our

knowledge to rander them reliable or Intelli ant guides in the fr

grant milLts" movements that have been follove with so much in- on

terest. We understand, however, that au officer of neral O's p

army who served with that General a 0 Too a and h

Long;h~ot from the beginning of the shrug a a hattl of e;

dorlokaburg, is in England and preparing tic series of q

of the war. b

The successive campaigias of MiClellen rope, Burnside and

Hooker are no doubt fresh in the memory ol our readers. We map fr

which we offer them will, however enable them more clearly to dis- r

Oem the positions of the contou&g forces and to appreciate the I

B gin art by which Rio ox~d as ng on, in, t eat d and aef (is it

oli ebri'lauliS! .3' Vaelso , In d t ding a hure rMA vemonts of i a 01 tote Of 'Vi in pr ability be yet the scene.

*ith this preface we will proceed to a more detailed. account of the8

'various battles. The country represented on the map is about 200 p miles long by 110 broad, The battles fought thereon ranged, there- p

fore, over a Pliatio similar to that extending between. London and J

the Scattish border. The figures used, it wilL be soon, are of two characters, The larger denote twerity-four successive bettle-fields, of more or less importance; the smallermilicate the several occasions and the various routes by which the masterly marches of the late General Jackson to the rear of the Federal arming contributed. to defeat their purpose. It should she be wild thak, for the purpose

 of avoiding mmecossaxy detail and. consequent confusion, no towns have been denoted. upon our map save such as are of military or i stratooo importance. We shall now proceed to explain: the battlefields in detail, and. in their arithmetical, which will also be found to be their cluronological, order, 1. Yorktown (from April 6 to May 4, 186Z).-It was from this lpiut that the first noxious advance upon Richmond was niade. It will be remembered that when General M'Clolhm approached Richmond from Fort Monroe, with a~na

t7x4oof 158.000 man and a large fleet of gun-boate, the conied neral M'Gruder (now in Texas) throw a line of worts across from Yorktown to the James River, distance, about twelve miles. A portion of it, however, was composed of mffi-dams and avveraps. General Joseph Johnston arrived with his army from the Rappahannock in time to stop the gogress of the Federal General, who could otherwise have proceeded

I ally to Richmond, as MIGrador only had 6000 men under his earnmand. Upon General M'Clellan being reinforced by his iron- dad

boa-ts Johnston had to abandon his works, lest his suppliep, w reached him. by steamers, &a., on York River, should be out off. There were several sanguinary assaults upon Johnston's works; hub they failed, with considerable lose to thoFwlerds. Artillery duds ontinued for some forty days.

2. At Williamsburg (May 5, 1862) the Fedonds fall with force upon Johnston's rear as he retired towards Richmond. This 'action was very hotly contested, and resuitea iri Frost slaughter, the total killed and wounded reaching 6400, The Frost fought long and well; but they could not ourapeas impossibilities-the state of the roads and the heraig endurance of the Confederates baflling all their efforts.

 3. Barhomaville (May 7th).-Here General MIOIeU= next landed 20,000 man, supported by a fleet of vessels, intraiding to out off the rigarguard and waggon-train of Johnston, under command of General G. W. Smith, which must necessarily pass within two miles of this point. General Smith directed Brigaffier-General Whiting with 8000 men, to attack this force and drive them back to their boa;e. So un

Uhad an attack in the dense forests, where Texan rifles lurked

K= every Use, had its offbob~ and that trains passed in safety all that day.

4. "The Seven Pines" and "The Fair Oaks" (May 31 and June 1).-General Johnston, ban followed by M'Olellan across the Chiokahominy, turned upon and attacked him. The action ceasad after dark, General Johnston being severely wounded. The lationes

of the hour and the lose of General Johnston rendered the hard day,: struggle fruitless, although the Confederates hold the field. On the let Of June, 18G2, General Lee assumed the general oommand. of the Confederate forces.

5 and 6. Battles near Mechanicsville (June 26).-Gonoral Jackson at this time was near liechroYa River. General Lee, knowing that General M'Olellan had spies in Richmond, used them to mialewl him. He ordered General Whiting to take a division and proceed by niglit,

th d diapshoh, vi9L Lynchburg and Charlottesville, to

el onhoTs Rrv~enr (about 200 miles), and rop art to General Jackson.

While General M'Clellau wag tologrWhing to President Lincoln in Washington, and General Banks at thheater, to look out for Stonewall Jackson, who had been thus heavily minforoad and might threaten either place, Jackson was, by forced marches (sea I and arrows denoting his route), taking those very reinforcements back towards Richmond; and before M'Olellan suspected it he was in his re~ some miles norbh-eastof Mechanicsville. AlsoonaoLooknewof Ja son's arrival at ABbland, treat and Hill passed the Chialtahominy and oval c~fbqoiihaniosvillo and on Thursday, June 26, begari. a series at battles in which the iNderala fought well and long, but were only saved Zrom. entire destruction by the slow moveineite of one of the Confederate Generals and.the admirable had and skill of General M'CIOUSIL in the rise of his splendid and. numorousaxtillory. Those battles continued for maven days, and were fought onty-five ea a a , 0 ead man Rua horgen wa, no, rumnou, nmiums  eta, &a.

 7. Cold arbour and Gains ,  age were the battle-fields of

Juns27, when Gortaral1loo(PoTexims, at command of General Whiting, stormed the triple works of Mfolellan; and Jackson, Longstoot, the Hills, &a., fought over miles of ground.

8. Battles were fought at White Oak Swamp, subd&7 and Monday,

June 29-30.

9- Malvern Hill- the scene Of the terrible action of Tuesday, July 1.

In the abo-ve angagereenlig the losses can hardly be estimstDd, They have been computed from 25,000 to 30,000. Thoirresultwaiito deliver Richmond and to endanger Washington.

10. Second battle at Malvern Hill (August 5-6).

11. August 8 and-9-imokson, whose line of March will be found denoted by the smaller figure 2 and arrows, hero defoatod Banks at Cedar Mountain (MISD Called 11 South-vast Mountain- anti

Slaughter's Mountain ") ; loss about 25 )OD.

12-Artillory duel and skirmishing were continued along the Rappahannock River.

18, August 29 and 30_4ackson. here fought the second battle Of

Maryland. he detached -several batteries of artillery, with sufficient ape to guard them, and had them secretly posted upon the London sights, rpA08ibe the Shenandoah side of Harper's Ferry, and on the

arylaud. eights, on the Potomac side. About the time that these

atteries were getting into position Jackson, diverged from the road

am Boonaboro' to Hagerstown, which General Lee took, and pur

ed the road leading to a ford ova the Potamao River at Williams

orb. His course is ixidioated. by fig. 4 and exrows, By this means

drove a large force of Federals out of Martinsburg saul followed

henitollarpor's a , av g en as 0 1 a a

Red OIL am 0 t a oudon eights, and ey too rel

w a r

B tithe ro 11 on the or side of 0 hill hot ~es ne TOb t

 hem from the Mearyland Heights, Jackson me w i a Ing t

am big position in the rear. The place, being unte a, as

adored, with very large shares, artillery, in ets, a..  out

3,000 prisonon were taken, including nearly 12,000 Federal soldiers.

The surrender of Haxpor'ii Ferry was inwle on Alonday. That night

TacksDa marched. to Shephord'a-town, and on Tuesday night was on eneral. Laela~lelb at Sharpaburg, engaging in the battle which culminated on Wednesday.

19. On the night of Sept. 14 General Lee withdrew big men from outh Mountain, in consequence of General U401ellanhaTing obtained ossession. of Crampton's Gap, loading directly to Sharpsburg; and, roceedinR to the latter position, he t-here awaitod the coming of ackson. GenexulAl'Olellan followed him on Monday afternoon (16th),

and General Lee stood at bay for two days on the south-west bank of

Antietam, using his artilloryto delay M,CleUw!s %ttackuntilXackgon could join him. Jackson marohed all night afbar the capture of Harper's Ferry; andoxiWeduesday, the 17th, he fought a battle oxithe extreme left of the Confederate lines, which were more than four miles long,

General M'Olellan had three hose of battle; General Los was

scarcely able to present a single line, whirls 1 in some places, was not adequately supported. In addition to thin M'Cisllan had a large reserve, which was so admirably need that, when the Confederates at any point drove in the Federal lines, which they often did, the reserves overwhelmed them and compelled them to fell hack. The Federal signal corps contributed to this result, by giving immediate notice to M'Clellan of every event along the lines. In addition, there was great disparity of numbers between the contending forces. The action lasted from morning until dark. General A. P. Hill did not gsa into position until late in the afternoon, and his men wore weer'oed by their march from Rarpsr'e Ferry. General Lee, finding himself short of ammunition, forage, rations for the men, Go., and that M'Cleilan did not renew the notion on Thursday, crossed the Potomac that night. This movement was managed with such skill that the Confederate pickets did not know the army was gene until they were driven in after sunrise next morning.

 20. Shophordetown (September 20).-On Friday there was an artillery duel between the Confederate General Pondlston and M'Clsilan, across the Potomac River at Shepbsrdstown; but on the next day Jackson directed that a low brigades of M'Clellan'e army should be allowed to cross the river, and that General A. P. Hill should then attack them. It is impossible to estimate the immense numbers that were slaughtered or drowned on that occasion. The river was rod with blood and dieSgured with bodies for some distance. The total lees could not have been loss than 4000.

21. Pkoderichosborg (December 3)-This was the first occasion on which General Lee had the advantage of an extended line of works. He selected aonagniflcont plain about five miles long and from two to two and a half breed, and surrounded it with abattis, riflepits, and mesksd batteries, Into this plain the Federal army, under commend of General Burnsido ventured. Lungstrcet was on the left, Jackson and Stuart on he right. The hills around the plain were in the form of a crescent, and were each surmounted with batteries commanding the whole plain. Had General Lee been acquainted. with the extent of the Federal looses, he would have moved from his position and completed their destruction. As it was, he doily expected them to make another attempt to carry his works, and General Bornoido succeeded in withdrawing his army in the night across the river. The plan of the relative position of Lee and Barnsido's armies at Fredericksburg shows than so distiuotly as to prooludo the necessity of verbal description. The plain on which the battles were fought is, it will be sees, overlooked by the Stafford heights, on which batteries of guns of large size were placed, and in some noose shot and shell were sent five miles across the river and plain. There were few trees upon the plain, and consequently the movements of the Federal troops could be aeon from the hills.

 Stonewall Jackson had his hoart-qusrtere on a hill in roar of Hamilton's Crossing, end nearly 500 shot and shell fell that day within one hundred yards of whom he stood. At Mavye'e-hill the ground was covered for acres with killed and wounded Foderale lying in some places two or three deep. The orcos-street on this hill formed a fine stone bonastwork for the Confederates.

22. (Mao-oh 7, lS';l). A cavalry ongagemnnt between aiargobsdy of Federal cavalry (said to be 2500) and Brigadier-General Fit-c-Leo (a nephew of the lion. J. M. Mason). The losses were heavy', but the Federals n-crossed the itappahannook. General Los had only 750 men under his commend.

23. The Wilderness.-Geusmh Jackson, with a portion of his corps, pursued the source indioatsd by fig. ii and arrows, in order to tore the flank of General Hooker, whose army had crossed the river and was at Chanoollerevillo, and got between him and the fords and pontoons by which alone he could re-cress the river. Had it not been for his being wounded by his own men he would, in all probability, have compelled Hooker to surrender or fight his way hack to the river. Jackson had only 20,000 men in the action. In consequence of his wounds, the action defeated but did not destroy Hooker,

24. felarye's-bill.-Geueral flodgwiok, with 20,000 Federal troops (another statement makes it only 15, 000), having taken possession of the heights above Fredoriokoburg, and alsin, captured, or scattered the troops left in charge (aupposod to be Colonel llarkosdals's regiment)

was to turn attacked by a division of General Lee's army, and rontort with great slaughter.

In all the above engagements, and in ethers of lees importance, the Federal olSoers arid men fought with great snduraneo and bravery. as must be evident when the length of time they held their ground and their heavy losses are considered.

On the other hand, the victories of the Confederate leaders, hardly groused no they havo boon, havo failed often in bringing about those rsenltswhioh might fairly havo been expected from them. The overwhelming numbers of the Federal armies, their abundant eupphies, the -plan did artillery at their command, and the good use made of it, cant riteoted, with the numerioul disproportion end or loasrelon of the Confederates, their limited On, a. of horses, ammunition, and ratsons, to render many of the above her dlv-fsuoht sod victorious
In the above engagements the lessee can hardly be estimated, They have been computed from 25,000 to 30,000. Their reenlt wae to deliver Richmond end to endanger Washington.

10. Second battle at Malvern Hill (August 5-6).

11. August 8 and 9.-Jaokeee, whose line of march will be found denoted by the smaller figure 2 and arrows, here defeated Banks at Cedar Mountain (ales called "South-waet Mountain" and "Sleughter'eMountain "); lees about 2500.

l2.-Artillery duel end skirmishing were continued along the Rappahannenk River.

13. Auguat 29 and l0.-,Tackeon here fought the second battle of Manaseee. The small fignre 2 and arrows show the entree Satan took to get in Pope's rear, Pope having fallen back to Warrenten. Jackson had marched day and night some fifty miles through Jefferson, Orleans, and Salem, meeting on the way and driving back to Alexandria the forces sent out to capture General Stuart. Re then took and deetroycl railroad traine and igoacce, cOerce that he found at lleneeeae; and, when Pope sent several dictions to surround him be met and fought them separately, holding them in check until Longetreet came up.

14. Lengetreet stopped by M'Dowell at Thoroughfare Gap, forced

his way through, utter an action of a few hours, hastening to reinforce Jackson.

15. Jaekeen's battle-field at Sudley, and Loogetroet'e at Orovetou

and Manaeeae. The aetionebegan onFriday, Aug. 29, 1802, and were

renewed on Saturday, ending, after dark, in the rout of the Federale, The line of battle extended m a crescent four miles long, and crossed that of 1801 (called "Boll Ben") at right angles.

16. Battle of Ohcntilly (September 1). Floe small figure 3 end amewa deoeto Jaekoan'e route in again getting on the Federal flank. On San day, after marching and fighting for a week, Jaolceen again sought the Federal rear, at Fairfax Court Reuse. General rope sent General ICoarney and ethers to hold him in check at Chantilly while he draw oil his troops to Washington. Reamey was killed. The

Red rate fot"ght well m all these engagements, but were compelled

to eeek ehelte.y an the works around Washington.

17. BraddeciN e Gap, or South Mountain, General D. H. Hill here held M'Olellan in cheek until a portion of tongetreet's corps rate op.

18, Rarpec's i'orry (Sept. 14, 15). When General Lee went into

In all the above engagements, and in others of less importance, the

Federal elilecre and men fought with great endurance and bravery.

as must be evident when the length of time they held their ground

and then heavy losses are considered.

On the ether band, the victories of the Confederate leaders, hardly

gained as they have been, have failed often in bringing about those

results which might fairly have been expected from them. The over

whelming numbers 0f the Federal accuses, their abundant supplies,

the splendid arbillory at their command, and the good use made of

Z their ir an 0 goo' use ml

on nb 4~ he dis d h~io. of 'he

e c p_Vo on an ex one

c r e7 he ire he. of h  a, !~-d

splendid arbillory at their command, and the good use made of

n-ori a' b ited at. y of the

E.' be

d. M afd&.

results,

[A mop of Viekeburg and the adj aeeat country, illustrating the plan of General Grant's campaign, is in preparation.]
The .M?tv Haves (u .s.) Jinernai says that a Captain Davis

Hatch, of Norfolk, Connecticut, has returned from a 'visit to the salt mines at the east end of St. Domingo. He states that there is a mountain there of pure rack salt tea miles long, one mile end a belt wide, and 400 ft. high. i-to has obtained from the Government of St. Domingo a grant for working the mines, and the exclusive privilege for making a railroad from the mines to the port of Darahona, twelve miles distant.
