1'BER is an old gentleman who kegs a bookstall under an archway

close by the Bibliotheque Irupóriale, in the Rue de Richelieu, Paris;

and. who, in addition to rare old books and pamphlets, rends literary

'foumayeee were nantopaeonciensn-warJAa

.&t low anon iacôimçr*onflr will an nUs ne quore nyc years heuoe V The Jnea correspondent hi New York has sent home a most graphically writien picture of one of these fantastic securities. In the left-hand top corner is a harp, in the right a shamrock then 'l"andthe figure ofBberniaintbecentre. Thebondisto be con

into cash "ninety days after the establishment of the Irish Repuhli and are redeemable by Blank. This is judicious. In the left-bAnd. bottom corner there is a "best of sunbeams." Poor }'eulana! Are they, indeed, the "hereditary fon&men whom Daniel O'Connell was so fond of apostropbiaing V

It is worth noting that these shadowy shin-plasters are said to be

engraved by the American Continental Bank-Note Company, a very

wealthy corporation, doing an immense business. They have in their employ some of the very finest line engravers living, and their album of proofa which I have seen, contains some really magnificent specimens of ehahogrspliy. But the subjects on which the burin has been employed form a moat wonderful salmagundi. The basics in the United 2tates way be counted by thousands; every bank is ambitions to have a distinctive and original form of note for it issue, and the result is a perfect chaos of ships in full sal], steam-enginee, beehives, "bursts of sunbeams," star-spangled ban" coranoopias, caxya.tides, masks and faces, and allegories of commerce, confidence, and Columbia. ometiinee the president of the bank causes his own portrait to be engraved on the face of the note (as Hewn. Lincoln and Chase had theirs on the greenbacks) ; sometimes he has a pretty daughter, and has 1,e- effigy inscribed on the document. For the rest, the Continental Banknote Company seem quite indifferent to politics, and will engrave notes for Canada, New Brunswick Mexico, or the empire of thaafr th own republic.

 -

PANOBAM OF RICHMOND, VIRGINIA, AFrER TilS COlFLLGEATION.

SEmAL Illustrations have been published from time to time in this .Journal sho'win the ruined condition of some of the public buildings in Richmond, Virginia, lately the capital of the Confederate States, as they appeared soon after the evacuation of that city by the fallen Government and its remsant of an army, whose retreat was accompanied hy an act of wholesale incendiarism, causing the destruction of a .great many offices, factories, shops, and dwellinghouses. It may still be worth while, as a permanent memorial of one of the most terrible instances of the destructive fury of a civil war, to present our readers with the panorama or general view now engraved, which displays the whole extent of Richmond as it was in the first week of April last, when it was entered by the Federal troops, whom President Lincoln followed next day-hut a. week before his death by the assassin's hand.

The city of Richmond, which was, until the war of secession, one of the pleasantest and. most beautiful in the United States, had a population in ordinary times of 40,000 persons, with a fair trade in tobacco, wheat, and flour, sent to New York, Baltimore, or Philadelphia, for exportation abroad. It is situated on several hills, occupying the north bank of the Tames Biver, where the Lower Falls mark the limit of inland navigation. The streets of Richmond, built at right angles arid named alter the letters of the alphabet, were rather neat than picturesque; but, on hockoe Hill, the West-End or fashionable & Datc of the city, were severml fine buildings, of which the

' itA shown in our Ilhistration~, is the most conspicuous, ang has fortunately escaped destruction. This edlilce, which stands on a square of eight acres, is adorned. with a portico of .Ionic coluinsS it contains a fine marble statue of Washington, and other works 01 art. The official residence of the Government is a large mansion at the corner of the Capitol Square. The Penitentiary, facing the river, in the same part of the city, is seen not far beyond. The gaol, the courthouse, two market-houses, a theatre, an orphan asylum, and the armoury (shown in one of our former Illustrations), with several colleges, and about thirty churches, were the other public buildings of Richmond, not to reckon three or four banks, insurance offices, noun-mills, iron-foundries, and other establishments of industry or commerce. The revival of its trade may be expected, from it

great advantages of water-power above the city for manufacturing

purposes and the navigable river below. On the opposite side, connected with Richmond by three bridges, are the suburban villages of Manchester and Spring Hill. The town of Petersburg, so stoutly defended by General Lee, is twenty-two miles to the south. It is to be hoped that the peace and prosperity of Richmond will never again be disturbed, for this unfortunate place has surely suffered enough.
TiLE FEN I. PROSCuTroNs.

('U If rin u re brutgtt More the miiate

t PihI it t t rday ul were mmltte or tthl.

The i' lisiacr wire met1y from Ckmm'4 anL it't nulgb, u new iTIorni'r appeared in the oeAe-a

urnt nemeil Power, wh. hail beon swing the number of the nrre 4 nitil ittt'rwnr4e ufferod to give e'cteuoe

Some irler.rq brought up br eaanth*t1oaM (York and t1tifl wuo iolo committed for triaL n t'nturi'ny hut jr add! 3on*i prisoners we's brou$ht

Tbttore Mr. uouge at Dublin, charged with being lntptlcatcd lit the yeiifan con xà-y1, ianrioa .i. )lggrath, dci'erlb'd as a csi**th in the 52nd Illinois Voluutsrr; lilortitner Moynahan cleat In the fist i'evpie ISWe; Joseph Dezide, taza; James O'nflor, Jam" R

was W yan, and Daniel W. Glaseon. bricklayers. Denlfte III an vft received $400 cash for * bill of

crel-ange at the European Bank in Ooflege-green, drawn in his tavour cm Measra, floths.thtlel, of London by their New York agent. In his lodgings were fhm4 a drill. beak, two revars.,, bcnvi, knife, and a photograph of (5*mexal Clrvn. At t.bi1sJngeo ul*rtoeJ. 1agrath were bowed his osmzniIon a. Captain In the Amoriont army and other dooumsnte. A search having been Institoted In the hue oacupled by James ltan, James O'Crnnar, and Daniel 1 Gleeson. there wore discovered eonoesled In achimney two baycuetsi, and In another part of the dwt)IIng was found a drill-book. Ir. Strange comuilttcd isgreth, Moyn&hnn, and Deriffe for isini; and, as to the other three prisoners, on whoa. part an application t admit them to bail was made, he said there was a prietd fang OW against them, though not a strong ine, and he remanded them for the present, pending at gIilIe*tIon to the Attorney-General to have them allowed to tend out on ball.

 On Saturdsre, the prlaonera charged with ?enlaalem In Q'.:eerstowji, Mr. OThlaeoll, the Town Conucil]or, whose "tail talking," It was said, lone got him into isuobla; Mr. 3. Rorocy, of Limerick, John X-ray, anti ThornMacron, were brooght up before the a 1strate on riruseol. The three lstttr were stowed as liberty on erterlug Into their nv-n ogVIetusece; and Mr. O'X)theoli on dying bail, himself in 4100 and two soretes in £10 LUth, all to cuna up Whets nailud Wi.

Four young meet e rrestd In Carr ck-nn-adr yester,

any % cek, charged with illegal mso'ohtug, and ethers with

incitig the co's4 to at "pt a rescue. They were as

man(itd.

Yurt.ter arrests have been made to (flare, Limerick, and other counties.

On Friday evening the gem-boat Nightingale stopped the United ]fiugdoan, a large vessel trading between Glasgow and New York, in Lough Swifly, and examined the passengers and their luggage. l'tszeiau papers were found with one pee son only, a lady, who was therefore noconepanled by the polio. to Glasgow.

A poster ppesred o"' nday in "I prozeelnant plane on

one of the Dublin briheaded The ChoI'a I" on

attracted some attention. It ran:-" As theclmlera-thgt godsend to those sealable gontlunen the rulers and crowned heads who wish to get rid Ins quiet way of the surplus, or uneasy, or dangerous portions of their subjects-la now close upon us, It behaves Irish Nationalists to be extremely watchful. The English Government, no doubt, chuckles at the idea of Its effect in this country, presuming that it VIII conilne ltolI almost exclusively to the lower orders, or, In other words, to those presumptuous sbopmen, tell=, and blacksmiths, who would set up a Government on the model of the grand American Republic." ' Panlane," It adds, "will be bunted up In the field and the workshop the barracks and the poorhouse, and made away with on tie shortest xotloa, unless this C*overnmeut-assieted plague be counteracted by burning plenty of gunpowder and a few towns or cities to clear the atmosphere, and banishing those idle, aristocratic rascals, and those respectable scoundrels; who stink in the noatrilsof thehonest, Industrious, and patriotic, or national c1ee of the Irish people."

A statement is current in Dublin, and geheraIJr believed, that two sums of £1009 in gold have arrived from America brought by band for the purposes of the defence o( the Ieaian oonspfratosa. Mo.sre. Rutt Dowse and Sldey, who an among the leading oonnse at the

bar, have already been retained by the prisoners against whom the major charge is preferred.

Two men were brought before the Dublin magistrates on Monday for using seditious language in the streets. One swore at the police, declaring "he was an hound Fcnlan, had seven revolvers, and would blow their brains out;" another addressed a crowd, and said "We will have a fine rebellion, and we arc the boys will make them jump." Neither was under the Influence of liquor. They were remanded.

The last of the Dublin Feulan cases were disposed of on Wednesday. George Hopper was sent for trial on evidence connecting him with the Irish People, and also with the reciept. of money from America. He denied being a Fenian, and alleged that his connection with the Irish J'cnple aroce out of friendship for those conducting it, And from their trade dealings with him. Wriun, a firebrigade man, accused of drilling, and James OConneli OCailagan, acid to have enlisted many members, were also sent for trial.

A meeting of the National Association took place on Wednesday night. The Bishops of Dublin and Ceateel epoke hopefully concerning the intention of the Govern. mentin respect of education, and of the Protestant Church. The Bishops both denounced the I'enian conspiracy.
The .2Vizv York 2)Thune ot Sept. 29 states that 500 post offices

had been reopened in the southern States since May last.

in  -a4

A ehsess 4O00 lb. in welg an T saii to be excellent IE

quality, was lately shown at an agricultural exhibition In New York. TN -

cheese came from a Canadian dairy.
An extraordinary general meeting of the Atlantic Telegraph

Company has authorized an increase of capital, the amount not to exceed

£i,OQO,O4), by the issue of IiOMQO new shares of Li each; such new shares to

be entitled to a preferential dividend, at the rate of L12 per cant per annum.

In the coarse of the recent civil war, and in less than three

years, the town of Winchester, Virfinifi, was occupied forty-eight times by

Union troops, end twenty-seven times by Confederate troops. One day it was occupied by both sides in battle, making seventy-ex times in all.

.& new political element has appeared in America in the

efforts made by the working men to establish eight hours as a lawful day's work. They are holding mass eonventiors in all parts of the country, and in many places have announced that they will vote for no candidates for oce who do not faithfully labour for the eight-hour system.

Vivtngarisen i1oi  iEp"F1

Bnseelie proposal that a commission should be appothte&to consider nil claims which the Eng1i1r arnl American Governments should agree to refer to it, a senal-ofliolel announce encut has been made explaining that claims for losses by the Alabama and other vessels of the earns character would be excluded Irtan the ucladlctjo of such a commission.

r-canrttr-_r -n --r-r-r----.---.----.- -
- UNITED STATES.

A delegation from South Carolina has had an interview with President Johnson. Governor M'Grath presented a memorial on behalf of Mr. Davis. Mr. Johnson replied that pardons must be pro. ceded with gradually, and an effort made to execute the law. If treason had been committed it ought to be determined by the highest tbbnnai, even if clemency should come afterwards. There was neither malice nor prejudice in carrying out that duty, and no

position existed for persecution or thirst for blood. Expressions of mutual confidence passed between the President and the delegation.

The President has pardoned the Confederate Vice-President

Stephens and other leading Secessionists.

Mr. MtCu)loch, the Secretary of the Treasury, had made a speech advocating a convertible paper currency and declaring that if Congress would fund the legal tender notes the return to a gold standard could probably be effected without causing any serious embarrassment.

Martial law has been withdrawn in Kentucky by order of the

President.

General Grant has issued an order for the reorganisation of the army. A large number of troops in Mississippi are to be mustered out, arid the whole of the coloured troops.

The North Caroline Convention has passed $n ordinance abolishing

slavery, and fixed the 9th of November for the election of State officers

and members of Congress.

The Republicans have been successful in the State elections in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa.

The Fenian council, after a week's session issued a circular calling

a congress of the whole order to assemble at Phi1adelphia on the 16th.

San Francisco was visited by an earthquake on the 8th nit., which shook the whole city, demolished some buildings, and left marks, in cracked walls. and broken ceilings, on half the structures in the city.
I Excwr that President Johnson is an. honest and earnest man, the readers of old English fiction might be reminded, by him of the Justice before whom Roderick Random and his friends were taken, and who opened upon them with a tremendous

The absurdity of such a demand cannot escape the Asthis mind. An American seldom laughs, but he has a keen mm e humour; and the idea of delegating sovereignty to Quahee ad Gumbo is too good to be thrown aside, But it would be too deag a measure for the wildest Abolitionist to recommend the ext. sion of the franchise to the black individual on the groend i his intelligence and fitness for it. That would be faaIi7 ludicrous. But the advocates of the black franchise, th

premising, and with truth, that most of the negroes are $ i *1 vote as most of the Irish who have obtained the pril-ileg$

citizenship, base the claim on another and more pissulbie Ow

Mi. Mill has helped them to this, and we much regret OA he has done so, because he has supplied arguments to these VU cannot see the 'whole case, but are rejoiced to we his s

tinguished name as that of a supporter of their fanaticism. It

it contended that it is necessary to give the negro his *1

in order to counterbalance the assured enmity of the S*

towards the talon, freedom, and Northern principles.

This seems to us to be a very clumsy method of ineeds a

difficulty. If there were no other objection to it, tie VOW

be the great one that it diminishes the chance, or the bse,

that one day the condition of the suffrage in America m*7

modified. We do not speak from an English platform. TWO is not an educated American who, when at liberty to 553& he mind, does not declare universal suffrage to be the 0911010 the best class of men eschew politics. Those who Show kod

and advise their fellows abstain from that duty, b$ with political power equally bestowed upon ]i, it k noisy demagogue who gets to the font instead of the the,$h*t statesman. Could the verdict of the educated cises inAe5 be taken at this moment, it would be for aboliahffl suffrage, while admitting to the poll a larger dM *0 l enfranchised in. England. Without denying the of equality, the American points to the fact that 'i exceptions, the politicians of his country are and the press, which must be a gauge of gen&5I jsd 4 principle, is utterly unworthy, not only of a ThObhe but of the lowest form of civilisation. With 8flC cee1 in the minds of thoughtful Americans, it is 80ht tO 15 the mass of ignorant and irresponsible power by siding to d* loafer, the rowdy, the exiled German, and the emlVU man, the irrepressible negro as a constituent of the

But an appeal on these considerations would be hOPul*

could be made only though the AmeriCsa.P1 '' would be in the highest degree unpopU1t15 not,* posed. that the lowest press in the world would 4M' M to is 101P counter to the feeling of a public, which, if igsW'4 and has money. The only thing which the AmedCse o'4 e been ukin1Y1 tobear inmind is, that whereas they have ha some of $ unjustly laughed at for many things, things, natural in a new country, and. some of which were not
volley of indignation, recognising them as old and

offenders, and menacing them with the most dea,1fn pe,

ment. But, after being "spoken to,, j the next A15

magistrate returned with a Smiling and benevolent

announced that they were free, and explained that i been really angry, but that it was always his way young people when brought before him, in order to 006 enduring fear of offending the law. When Mr. Jobnao President, he was described to us as a stern ackut

au gio dictator, who had arisen to execute vengeance p,3, th, murderers of his predecessor and upon the rebj approved the deed; besides that, he was about to m his iron hand felt to the remotest corner of the territory been subdued by the North. We can know only &m told, and we waited in anxiety and with sorrow to h the hangmen were stalking over the land, and t harvest of death was being reaped. mail after mC us no such intelligence. A small group of notoriouti. par persons perished; but since that time we have hearcj o but conciliation and pardon. Not a political. ezeos taken place; and, the very chiefs of the bsurrecdon

bsvta

been forgiven, the President is last seen receiving a

that begs the life of the en-President, and Mr.

tone of grave good-nature, intimates that there is no d868,1

be revengeful, but that really Mrs. 'Varjn Davis does i

the sort of letter that might be expected from a iay bø

wished to deliver her husband from danger. It is the mu 4,

Srnollett's magistrate again, with the slight diffem

London justice was a corrupt old fellow, and the Aj

President is an upright and right-hearted gentlems

Mr. Johnson's difficulties, which are greater now t have ever been, seem likely to be aggravated by his Neither friends nor foes appear to be behaving with consideration for his situation. Of the foes we lead nothing. The, rankling sensation of defeat, gad, excusably, the painful change of social position, have

Mwh tit

name of the President odious to thousands of Large numbers have been wise, and are nialdug things, but many are indulging in the ma lest negroes are persecuted, Northern officials snubbed, sad, certain cases, driven away, and the suffrages which hai bst restored to the insurgents are avowedly used l demonstrations of detestation of the Union. All th unfortunate, but could not be unexpected. If the PaAW tightens the reins, and even uses the whip, it is not has made such measures necessary. But his frisads, rather those who represent feelings which he wu &=W* supposed to represent, are causing much anxiety to hb 4 his Government. They are still for extremes. They at satisfied that slavery no longer exists in the Union, but ts insist on elevating the negro to the dignity of the law-&, and they declare that his freedom has not been accompliaed while Sambo cannot come dancing up to the hustinga, to MW with facetious pomposity his vote for Massa Negrophile.
at all, they will be the legitimate laughing-stock of the world the moment that Quashee becomes a political power. U the 'banjo is to be introduced into the Constitution of the United itates, there is an end of gravity. If we are to have State papers dictated by gentlemen who talk the language of Aunt Dinah, diplomacy will lose its owl-like character, whatever it may gain in exchange. The subject is full of tempting suggestions; bet we treat it in no spirit of ill-nature, but because there is really danger lest fanaticism and party hate should impel a Congress, elected amid excitement, to do that which will bring the "Anglo-Saxon" name into contempt for all time. We hope for better things. "No, M'm, we won't marry into Bartholomew Fair,' says Major Pendennis, when his nephew is in love with cihe actress. Surely Columbia will have sense to say that she will not marry Gumbo at the altar of the Constitution.
The barqne Edwin, arrived at New York, reports having paeeed, on the 10th of September, in lat. 52, long. 8448, a red buoy marked "Telegraph, No. 8," or "S." The red flag was nearly gone, and the captain of the Edwin believed the buoy was loose from the cable
The new opera-house built at Chicago, and opened on the 1st of August last, is said to be the largest and most splendid theatre in the world-sufficient to make the Sca'a and the San,.Carlo, not to speak of Her Majesty's Theatre and Covent Garden, hide their diminished heads. It was built, at the cost f 1,000,000 dollars, by a single mdividusi, named Hudson; who, having gamed in a few years a 'vast fortune by the manufacture and sale of liqueurs, has erected this theatre to mark his gratitude towards the, town to which he owes his wealth." The house, it is added, can hold with ease 5000 persons. The chorus numbers 500 voices, and the oomany includes the best singers to be found in America.

Mr. Jacob Ennis has transmitted to the Academy of Sciences

at Philadelphia the continuation of his observations on the colours

of stars and their changes of colour at different times. For in

stance, 'within the last few years, the colour of Sirius has changed

from red to white, violet, full green, yellowish green, and bluish green; and that of Arcturus has varied from red to yellow and orange. nnis is not inclined to attribute these changes of colour to the Influence of the earth's atmosphere, to the optical instruments emplcyed, or to peculiarities of vision in the observer. Be selected as test-stars Vega and Capel]a, stars of the first magnitude, the former green and the latter blue, but failed to oberve in them the action of the atmoelheric medium upon their colour, as mentioned by Bnmboldt. fr. Ennis suggests the recording of the colours of all the attire as frequently as possible, as they appear to the aided and unaided vision, due attention being paid to the state of the atmosplire and the Influence of the sun and moon.
UNITED STATES. The reconstruction policy of President Johnson is daily

supporters. In New York a Democratic Rectification Commit also a Republican Rectification Assembly, had been held, at bn which the President's policy was approved. By the form, suffrage was denounced. Mr. Wendell Phillips, however has *

speech, in which he said that Prseident Johnson, in his a&dre to 6, South Carolina delegation, ranged himself among the rep rebels, making himself three quarters rebel in order that the might be one quarter Union. Mr. Phillips denounced the h. ment of the President's policy by the Republican Oonyenjfes,

Mr. Secretary Seward made a speech, on the 20th nit., at Asieaa

which he said the settlement of national cmswoudbeco

out compromising the national dignity and honour. Healsoma,ieal

to the influence of America on the international conduct of oth

and. said that the country would renew the influence it poses prevous to the civil war. Re expected to see republican in wherever heretofore established throughout the American orgth speedily vindicated, renewed, and reinvigorated. .fterwajd should look or signs of it, working on other continents.

The evidence in the Wira trial closed on Oct. 14. The teal ___

in a fierce quaivel between the prisoner's counsel and the ml judges, in which the former was turned out of court.

The North Carolina Convention had passed a resolution fedJdZ the recognition of any part of the Confederate debt.

The Fenian Congress at Philadelphia had " decided on anlm secret measure," and large subscriptions to the Fenian funds had bs'* promised.

A severe gale has swept the American coasts, causing great dWkw

tion to shipping.
TEE OOTTO1.SE1p GLAD TIDINGS AT LIVERPOOL,

Tnri reopening of the American cotton trade this summer has been hailed with grateful joy by many thousands of the working population of Lancashire, and cannot be regarded otherwise than as a great

and happy deliverance for the cotton-manufacturing districts of

England, irrespective of the results of the Northern victory in the

United States, whether as putting an end to the miseries of civil war or as procuring the abolition of negro slavery. It may be presumed

Md.me. Parepa has begun a career of almost unexampled

success in America. The principal New York and Boston journals

are enthusiastic in their descriptions of her vocal triumphs. "It is

little more than a month ce," says the .lllu.si,'afed .Newspaper,

"almost unheralded, save by such encomiums as came to us over the

water, Mdme. Parepa made her first debut in America, No attempt

A hurricane in the Chinese Sea has destroyed three kV

steamers and several English and American vessels.

A .reduction having taken place in the postage charge&b1 United States Post Office for the sea conveyance of lett&s betwssi P, and San Francisco, each reduction will be applied to all lettere betWw h country 'and Vancouver Island, British Columbia, San PrancS* and the Sandwich Islands. which may be addressed to be forwactei Thomas and Panama; and the rate to be paid in future on th5 1C be as follows:-For a letter not exceeding oz., is. 6d. above k° -4 17 ~exceeding 1 Os., Be. and so on, one additional rate of 'Is. Gd, beliS Ct5 for each half ounce 'or fraction of hail an ounce. The pcstsgeuP for the above places when addressed to be sent vid St. The" ssdF' must be paid in advance
that it was by way of expressing congratulation and sympathy with these feelings that the owners of some of the vessels which have lately arrived with cargoes of cotton in the port of Liverpool have thought proper to give them such names as "The Glad Tidings," a ship of that name having entered the Mersey from one of the American ports not many days ago. We present an Illustration of this vessel, with another called "The Freedom," also bringing American cotton, which arrived an hour or two before. We may receive their arrival as an auspicious token of future peace and liberty for America, as well as of prosperous commercial intercourse between America and Britain.

was made to forestall public opinion by

was left to make her way into public favour, i desei manager trusting to the good taste of an American for a satisfactory indorsement. ThyZ118jea1g; *4

e result has all ow,j tj pthk

judgment as we as the talent of Mdine. Parep5. and success that, since the days of Jenny lAnd, has not e and not even equalled, by that famed the Evening Gazette, "we are to have, through the ment of the Handel and Haydn Society, an °PpOr i i Up

Fen

Mdme. Parepa in a complete oratorio. Haydn's beauluJtoç is selected, and a better choice could not have superb rendering of "With verdure clad" last Sabb

which she received unqualified praise from all increase the desire to hear her Who heard h in this and the ful songs that abound in the work." "We co Boston paper, "that, although we anticipated liant success for Mdme. Parepa, we were scare

degree of enthusiasm which has manifested itself tba every occasprepw f,,

ion, till now her name is upon every few realty reat vocalists who have preceIi and increw at

ded ceupled

artist visited us who has been so readily and generally accepted Ik

people as this lady, and it is but justice to add. that her ..bTft

unaffected lady-like deportment has lent an additional cha

brilliant and graceful efforts in securing this happy result."
Speaker Colfax's party of tourists have been visiting

Washington Territory, the upper half of old Oregon. One of them writes that its population s small-less than 20,000; but it holds sure wealth in its illimitable forests, and probably has large coal deposits. The trees axe so thick end co tall that the ground in the forest could not hold them, cut and corded as wood. Nearly 100,000,000 it, of prepared lumber, masts, and spars, are exported in a year. Trees Oft, or 7 ft. in diameter and 200 ft. to 250 ft. high are stated to be very common, and perhaps rarely out of sight in the forest; Sit. In diameter and 000 ft. high are not at all uncommon. The builder of the telegraph line has hitched his wire, in one instance, to a cedar which is 14 ft. in diameter. Co]f ax's party saw one fallen tree 025 ft. long; and another tree, at 90 ft. from its root, measured lit, In diameter. Masts are readily procurable straight as an arrow and without a knot for 100 ft., 40 in. in diameter at 30 ft. from the base. Washington Territory is said to have more timber, ferns, blackberries and snakes than any other Territory or State in the Union.
UNITED STATES.

The latest despatches from New York inform us that President

Johnson had appointed the 2nd inst. as a day of national thanksgiving.

The correspondence between Earl Russell and Mr. Adams, on the

subject of the Alabama's depredations attracts much attention. The

äew York Times says that if Earl Russell expresses the fixed purpose of the British Government, it is impossible that friendly relations can continue to exist between England and the United States.

President Johnson has declared his belief that universal negro surage would breed a war of races, but that qualified negroes should gradually be admitted to the surage.

The Secretary of the Treasury has announced that the subscription

to the 50,000,000 dois. funding loan is full.

The South Carolina Legislature has assembled, and the Governor's Message congratulates the members upon the benefits which will result from the abolition of slavery and eulogises President Johnson's policy towards the South. It also opposes any act tending to the repudia. tion of the State debt. General Wade Hampton has been elected Governor of South Carolina. General Howard has announced, at Charleston, that the freedmen's bureau will continue to exercise its authority until South Carolina allows negro testimony m the courts.

The Georgia State Convention has repealed the secession ordinance

and appointed a committee to memorialise President Johnson to release Mr. Davis. and other Confederate prisoners.

The Penian Congress has remodelled the Fenian organisation, and has appointed a president, a cabinet, a senate, and a house of
The AUa CctZfc'rnian says the preparations for the com

mencement of the United States Pacific Telegraph Company's line are completed, and in a few days a large force will commence operations. The new line will have a double wire upon a single set of poles from San Francisco to Port 1earney, at which point the wires will diverge, one running to St. Louis and the other to Chicago. The total length o thh line will be 32W miles, including both the St. Louis and Chicago branches, and GOO miles of wire will be required in its construction.
UNITED STATES.

The Washington (government, having received official notice of the removal of all restrictions upon American vessels in British ports, had given instructions that the most liberal hospitality and courtesy

should be shown by Federal naval officers to officers of the British

Navy.

The abolition of slavery and the repudiation of the Confederate debt are essential conditions for readmjbtance of southern States into the Union.

President Johnson has released John Mitchell, as lie intimates, not from any feeling of consideration to that individual personally, but

out of respect "and as a compliment to a large section of our countrymen with whom Mitchell was previously identified." This, it is stated, he made plain to a deputation from the Fenian congress which waited upon him.

The public debt of the United States has been reduced by 4,000,000 dols. since September.

The steamer Atlanta, on reaching New York, was found to have sixty cases of cholera on board, among which were fifteen-deaths, and was immediately put into quarantine.

Another correspondence between the Foreign Office and the American Minister has been published. The English letters are signed by Earl Russell, and are, as be intimates, the last he would have the

Some later intelligence has been received. from CaptainHall'i

Arabic expedition. From Reu1ec Bay, on Aug. 30, in latitude 68 deg. 31

N., and longitude 86 dog. 3 mm. W., be wrote to Mr. Grimiell, of New York,

that his winter quarters were on the west coast of Sir Thomas Bowes

Welcome, latitude 04 dog. 47 mm. N., and longitude 8.51 dog. 18 into. W.,

among a community of Esquimaux. Thence he had come to Repulse Bay,

and was preparing for his search for the remains of Sir John Franklin's crew; but be made no nllnion to his plane.
honour to write on the subject. The further correspondence will be

conducted by Lord Clarendon. Mr. Adams intimates that his Govern

ment will not insist on the arbitration which they at first suggested,

and with regard to the mixed commission, he inquires what are the questions which Earl Russell would refer to it, and what the principles by which it proceedings would be regulated. Earl Russell promises a reply to those queries as soon as they cars be got ready, and in the mean time he passes in review all the complaints made by Mr. Adams of breaches of neutrality during the war, showing how the British Government dealt with them, to vindicate this country from a violation of international law in each ease.

The Shenandoah, with all her stores, was yesterday week handed

over to the United States Consul at Liverpool. Captain Wadded and the crew of the Shenandoah were liberated. The Government ordered the release of all who were not British subjects, and, of course, when this order was read, no one claimed to be a British subject.

CANADA.

Great alarm preval in Canada as to the Penian projects. The

Penians had threatened a rising there, and, it was said, had a steamer

ready for offensive purposes, Military preparations were being taken,

and Toronto was picketed.
THE FENIAS.

Suv:e'mNs, the Feulan Head Centre in Ireland, has been arrested. Re IVES captured, with Rlckhnm, Deify, and Brophy, on Saturday morning, in a house which he had taken, under the name of Herbert, in the suburbs of Dublin. When pounced upon by the police they were found to be well supplied with all the necessaries of life. The prisoners were brought tip at the police court in the course of the day and remanded, Stephens ostentatiously declaring that he would not employ any attorney in the matter. Stephens and his companions were re-examined on Tuesday and Wednesday, Evidence as given of their connection with the Penian orgonisation, and it was shown by documents found in Stephens's house that be bed been in communication with the prisoners already corn, mittod for trial, through the medium of an attorney named Nolan and, in fact, was taking a part in the management of their defence. A German, named ficliolfield, who had been sent to Dublin by the British Consul in New York, proved that certain documents produced, but not read, were in the handwriting of John O'Mahony, the head of the movement in America, At the conclusion of the evidence the magistrate asked the prisoners if they wished to say anything. Stephens said he did not intend to obtain legal assistance, because in making a plea or defence of any kind he should be recognising British law, and he deliberately and conscientiously repudiated the right or seen the existence of British law in Ireland. Re defied and despised any punishment that could be inflicted upon him. Brophy said he merely wished to deny a report in the newspapers that he had absconded. The other prisoners intimated that they would say nothing. They were all fully committed for trial at the special commission on the 27th inst.

 Gauzy, the Cork leader, is still at large; ana, although some time ago it was

reported that he had gone to France, there is a strong suspicion that he has

not left Ireland.

Yesterday week the Dublin Court of Common Pleas heard arguments for and against the motion by the Attorney-General that the proceedings against the lord Lieutenant should be stayed. The argument for the Government was that the action-of the Lord Lieutenant was the action of the State, and there. fore not to be impeached in the law courts. Judgment was reserved. An episode in the hearing is worth notice. One of the counsel for Luby, the plaintiff, in the course of his speech mentioned with praise the name of Fbomes Addle Emmett. The reference was loudly cheered by a part of the audience, whereupon the Chief Justice ordered the gallery in which the noisy cites era to be cleared. On Monday the Judges gave judgment in the case. They decided that no action could be maintained against the Lord Lieutenant in hf official capacity, and the writ was ordered to be taken off the file.

Judgment was given in the Dublin Court of Queen's Bench last Saturday, en the application on behalf of the ll'enlan prisoners, for arule for a criminal information against Sir 3. Gray, M.P,, the proprietor of the Freemen. The 'plaintiffs charged that they had been libelled in the Freeman by the insertion of the reports of their cases at the police court, by leading articles, and by the publication of certain passages in a pastoral letter of Dr. Cullen. The court unanimously granted the conditional order as to the leading articles arid the pastoral letter; but refused it in reference to the police-court reports. The Lord Chief Justice, Justice Fitzgerald, and Justice OBrien held that newspapers were privileged to publish police reports; while fr. Justice Hayes held they were not, and would have granted a conditional order in re Mice to the police reports also.

The detectives Hughes and Doyle, who aided in the capture of Stephens and

in other Fenisn arrests, were shot at, on Sunday evening, while they were entering the police office in Exchange-court, off Dame-street. Hughes was -struck by a ball in the shoulder and Doyle was wounded near the spine. The shots were supposed to have been fired from a window of the house formerly cccnpcd by Hopper, the tailor, who Is in custody on the charge of Fenianiem. It bee been decided to mm the division to which Hughes and Doyle belong, the men, it appears, having applied to the Government for revolvers, "for the purpose of protecting themselves against assassination."
-4

THE SHENANDOAH IN THE MERSEY,

Tna arrival a! the late Confederate cruiser Shenandoah in the port of Liverpool, and her aux render by Captain Waddell to the commander of H.M.S. Donegal, Captain Paynter, by whom, in obedlenoe to the orders of our Government, she has shoe been given up to the ooanler agents of the United Staten Government, have been already made known to our readers. We give an 1lhziat&oi of this famous vessel, formerly named the flea King, built at Glaow, in 1fl8, by Messrs. Alexander Stephens and Sons, on the composite p&lnclpie ntrodnceçl by them, which conáte of an Iron franis planked with rock elm bel3w the water-line and with teak above, Her dimensions are 220 ft. in length. 82 ft. 6 in. in breadth, and 20 ft. In. In depth; her tonnage to 1018 tons register, or 1180 tons builders' measurement. She was rigged as a full opper-ahip, and fitted with engines of 200borse power by Messu. £ and T. Inglis, of Glasgow. She was first oharbered by tie British Government to take out troops and a battery to Now Zealand; thence she proceeded to Hankow and Shanglz4 loaded a full eargo of teas, and made the passage home to London In aeveaty.nine days, inclusive of five days' coaling on the 'voyage. On her arrival at London the was chosen by Confederate

sgcnta, bought by a Liverpool man, and cleared catensibly for Bombay. NIS was met o Made" by the Clyde-built aorew-stcsmcr I*urel, which had also been purchased by a Liverpool man, and had been sent from that port with the armament of the ftthire Shenandoah. After taking on board her stores and guns, the Shenandoah hoisted the Confederate flag; the master, ()orbett, who took her out to Madclra, having a 'bill of sale made cut in his favour, returned and said he bad sold his ship. The Shenandoah, laying started on her destructive mission, did vast damage to the ooinm&ce of the Northern states, as long as' the war lasted. About the beginning of this year, size suddenly turned up at Melbourne, and, afterreceiving a fresh stock f supplies, sailed for the North Pi wbeze notwithstanding that the commander was repeatedly told by the masters of neutral vessels whom he met on the high seas that the war between the North and South had terminated be refused to believe them.

Long alter Lee's surrender and DavIs's capture, Captain Wadde]1 sunk, burned, and otherwise destroyed whole fiesta of whalers In the Ochotak Sea and Bebring's Strait. Nothing more was heard of the Shenandoah until her ethzrai a fortnight duo. In the Mereey. She had no gum

deck, all her armament being stowed away below in boxes. The ere pi of the Shenandoah numbered 188 men; and as soon as she was surrendered, Captain Wadddll and some of the odicera separated. Since settIng out on her work of destruction, the Shenandoah had destroyed thirty-seven vessels, the majority of which were whalers, and, these were destroyed after the cessation of hostilities. To thaw how the operations of the Shenandoah affected the sperm oil market, we may state that her depredations amongst the whaling fiesta has caused sperm oil to run up from £70 to £120 per ton. and it is likely to advance still further, as, until the news of the surrender of the lzeiisndoah reaches the port whence whalers depart, the Arctic seas will certainly be bare of the customary amount of whaling vessels. Captain Wadde]], who has written a letter to Lord Russell to explain his conduct, states that the last -vessel he spoke was the Barracouta, from XMxpool for San anseo from which he learnt that the South was really and truly defeated. On this heat once stowed away his guns and ammunition In the hold, and steered for lIverpool, stopping at no other port.
The American bi1aopric in China, which became vacant by

the death of Bishop Boone, has been conferred on the Rev. W111sm Q*aak

ioore Williams, for many years a missionary in China and Japan

An Itaiian delegation has presented to President JObnJn

petition, signed by Garibahii and 62 other ItaJlans of d5tinofiOn, Ili

in Italy, urging him to abolish capital punishment in the United

and to begin by pardoning Jefferson DaTIS.

1!'.. -
