NORTHERN REVERSES.

TintOnon the base of the telegrams brought to this country by the China and the preceding packets from New York and Quebec, dimly outlining such information from the principal seats of war as the Government at Washington thought fit to give to the American public, looms the fact that the Federal arms have sustained a succession of serious reverses. The Confederate General. 'Stonewall" Jackson, suddenly quitting the valley of the Shenandoah and crossing the mountainous district lying between it and Richmond, fell upon General M'Clellan's right wing, and succeeded, after three days' sanguinary conflicts, in driving it back behind his centre and left wing, on the other side of the Chiekabomiuy River. Another battle, fought on Sunday, June 29, probably resulted in a stilt more important defeat of M'Clellan's forces (subsequently confirmed by the news brought by the Jtra), shies the Secretary of War forbad the' Northern press to publish any detailed news. It is clear, however; that things have gone unfortunately with the Federals, or President Lincoln would. hardly have issued a proclamation calling fop 300,000 additional troops, much less would a cry have been raised for a conscription, if necessary. But ground has been lost elsewhere than before Richmond. James Island, lying in close contiguity to Charleston, his been evacuated by the troops under General Hunter, end the campaign against that city has been indefinitely suspended. The position of General Curtis in Arkansas bad become so precarious that be is reported to have retired into Missouri. Vieksbnrg, on the Mississippi, still remains in possession of the Confederates, although the latest news states that its bombardment by twenty Federal vessels had commended. Altogether, Northern prospects have become gloomy; the idea of mediation appears to be entertained-with some show of favour; and the night before the China steamer sailed from New York an enthusiastic public meeting in favour of peace was held in that city. If these latter statements can be safely taken as indicating a turn in the current of public sentiment, we might almost indulge the hope that the conclusion of this most disastrous war cannot be very far off.

 Summer he bas now entered upon its allotted term on the American continent, and what that means in the Southern States the shiploads of sick men sent back to New York may faithfully, but only faintly, make manifest. A tropical sun àdting upon an immense extent of nnreclaimed forest and swamp fearfully tries the rigour of even an acclimatised constitution. When associated with the toils and hardships, the broken rest, add the 'coarse and irregular fare of camp life, it becomes a more merciless foe than men, however infuriated and in whatever force, can prove themselves. Its power is nnseen and intangible, and therefore irresistible. It is at work along the whole line night and day. No resolution, no discipline, no bravery, can fight it off. The havoc it has already jilayed with M'Clellan'e army far exceeds that inflicted by the arms of his adversaries, and as yet the unhealthy season has but initiated its rule. For several weeks previously the commander bad reitciated the most urgent demand for reinforcements, and it was only just before the late reverses that General M'Dowell had' succeeded in joining him with his division. The telegram tells us that in the collision before Richmond, M'Clellan was driven from his position on the Psmunkey River and the White House "with great loss," and that "there was fearful carnage on both aides." Quite irrespectively, therefore, of his strategical loss; which, by changing his position, has increased his disadvantages, if not involved his army in dangerit cairns evident that he will be unable to resume the offensive, even if he succeeds in holding. his ground, until after the solstitial months. Protracted inaction during the coming three months, at least in Virginia, would appear to be the best prospect which the case of the Northern tinny will now admit of, and there is a possibility that it may have to face afar more gloomy one. The 300,000 additional men called for by the President will not be available for.the purposes of the closing campaign, and Northern patience and persistence are doomed to undergo a further gnd much severer test than it has yet sustained.

We record these Federal reverses with unfeigned t egret. We are conscious of no inclination to allow the unreasonable petulance into which the based hopes of a young and sell. confident community have temporarily betrayed it to alienate our sympathies from the principles with which, whether it means so or not, its conduct in this struggle is inseparably identified. We cannot find pleasure in its humiliation, nor gratify our own violated self-respect by taunting it with the collapse of its vainglorious boasts. But it would be childish to attempt to pa-se any delusion upon ourselves as to

 immense superiority in men and means to balance these

advantages, and it is no discredit to the military character of the North that it has not sucCeeded where European arms would have certainly failed. Its miscarriage is almost inevitable; for, although it may tear out the word 'impossibility" from its dictionary, the, stubborn. Impracticability of geographical facts and of physical and moral laws will successfully defy it. Its only chance was bound up with the hope that the rebellion was the work of' a dominant faction rather, than the deliberate resolve of a 'whole population. Wheatbat hope was shattered every likelihood of ultimate success was shattered with it.

The question now presents itself whether, during the coming' three months of compulsory inaction, the North will hang on to its determination to reinstate the South in the Union with the. same desperate tenacity of purpose it has hitherto exhibited. Already a peace party makes itself heard, and the alternative of mediation begins to be discussed With. the evidence before us of the singular want of correspondence, from. the very beginning of this war, between European predictions and American events, we will not. be rash enough to forecast the probabilities of the future. But we may venture to say that such moral certainties as are within view do not favour a belief that another campaign must precede the termination of hostilities. That, no doubt, is at the present moment the fixed intention of the Government at Washington; perhaps, also, it is the preponderant resolution of a majority of the people. But there is no saying how long it will remain so. In the first place, all the- sober-minded and well-informed classes of society must have become sceptical, to say the least, of the feasibility of the enterprise upon which they started, and of its desirability even if it is considered feasible. The temper of the Southern people can no longer be mistaken. Their attachment to the cause of Secession has been tried by the severest vicissitudes, but has never wavered even for a moment. No compromise will entice them back-no offer to concede their largest claims. This fact' has become undeniable, and a protraction of the war can hardly be persisted in with the expectation of practically disproving it. The main object for which the North so enthusiastically welcomed privation, suffering, debt, taxation, and even death, may be said to have disappeared. Will not this fact take the heart out of resolution I Immense losses have been incurredimmense sacrifices are further required; and there is no reasonable hope that either the one or the other. will be of ultimate avail. For several weeks to come there will probably be no tidings calculated to excite or feed national ambition. Swollen sick-lists, commercial disquietude, the rapid exportation of bullion, high prices, and the first call of the tad-gatherer, are not very well adapted to shore up a bulging and undermined determination to persevere, Should the North give way to inevitable necessity, or, as Napoleon HI. describes it, to "the inexorable logic of facts," before the middle of October next, and should it invite mediation in place of rushing into a new campaign, it will be only yielding to the force of motives which all the world over are powerful to influence reasonable minds.

That the statesmen and people of Federal America may feel their way to a settlement of this terrible quarrel before the close of the summer heats will be, we are sure, the most earnest desire 'of Englishmen of all political parties. They are convinced that free institutions are never in greater peril than during the convulsions of civil strife. They can discover no possible cop pensation in the future either of Europe or of America for such a miserable waste of life and resources as another campaign would entail. Perhaps they are not wholly disinterested in their desire for the restoration of peace. But, whether their own industry would be profited or otherwise by the sheathing of the sword, it is certain that the dictates of humanity alone would suffice to make them hail. with delight any probable prospect of witnessing the end of a contest which, in political and moral as well as in social and commercial respects, has proved the most calamitous event of modern times..

According to the Ink advices three ships had arrived at San

Francisco, from Hong-Hong, with iess chinaneeon beard.

Colonel Colt, the inventor of the revolver, died worth about

psoe,oss. His nanefaetory at Hartford, United States, employs lies bands, end the wages paid there amount to £ie,oee per month,
the stem significance of the facts before us. We see in them, indeed, no proof that the North is essentially inferior to the South in military qualities. We do not trace them to lack either of courage, of discipline, or of generalship. But we do ascribe them to the nature of the enterprise upon which the North saw lit, although under great provocation, to embark. An subsidiary chances are against them, for the simple reason that they are invaders of the soil, of a hostile people. They can command no accurate information because the inhabitants of the Southern States regard them with fiercest hate-they are not familiar with the regions into which they seek to penetrate. They, cannot choose their own ground, nor determine where or when battle shall be given them. Political reasons, if not strategical exigencies, have compelled them to distribute their - forces over h vast surface, and, every important place that they take must be held by garrisons detached from the main army. Their antagonists, on the contrary, move about' amid a sympathising population, know every movement of every part of the invading force, are free to select the positions they will abandon or hold, and, by surrendering minor advantages, can concentrate nearly their whole military power at will upon any one point It will ,require
AMERICA,

By the Jan we are in possession of telegrams from New York to the evening of the 7th met.

BELLIGERENT OPERATIONS.

There bee been a succession of conflicts between the Confederate army, commanded by General Jackson, and the right 'wing of the Federal forces. The Federal account of the result is that it was part

of M'Chcllcn'e plan to withdraw his forces from across the Chicks,-hominy and concentrate them on the James River, along which they / might advance on Richmond in company with the gun-boats, seven/ teen of which are at hand. This movement, which leaves the left wing of the old position in the situation of the right wing Of the new, was interrupted by repeated attacks from the Confederates. The Federals affirm that they were net beaten in any of these conflicts, and that, though suffering severely themselves, they always inflicted heavier leases on the see,lanta. No guns were lost since the 27th nit., when General N'Call'e division was at first overwhelmed and twenty-five pieces fell into the hands of the enemy. On the other hand, the Confederate General Magruder has been captured. The evacuation of the several places was effected 'without any less of stores or baggage. The position now occupied by the Federals near Turkey Bend, on the James Rive; is much healthier than that in the swamp country bordering on the Chickelieminy.

The Confederates claim to have captured 12,010 prisoners, all

WCleilen's siege gins, end supplies sufficient to last the Confederate tinny for three months. Richmond, accordingly, has been illuminated.

 As no details have yet been allowed to appear, it is impossible to estimate the losses on either side, The Richmond llc'ominor confesses that one division, which went into the fight on Friday, the 27th, 14,000 strong, could only muster 6000 for duty on the following Tcesday and that the sacrifice of life exceeds that of any battla yet fought, MClellan'e head-quarters were established on Melva

Hub, one mile back of Turkey Bend.

The Federals had captured the Confederate gun-beat Teaser in

James River.

General M'Clellan had issued an address to the army declaring that the Federuls shall enter Richmond, and that the Union shall be preserved, no matter what the cost of time, treasure, and blood.

The Federals had evacuated James Island, near Charleston, and

retooned to Hilton Hoed. The summer campaign against Charlcoton had been suspended. Since the evacuation of James Island the Confcderates have been threatening Fort Royal, in the same State. General Hunter, commanding in this deportment, acknowledges, in reply to an inquiry from Congress, that, in default of reinforcements drum New York, he had drilled and armed fugitive negrooo, and that bythe end °t the autumn he would present to the Government from 48,000 to 60,00 "of these hardy and devoted soldiers."

Yiclceburg continued -to hold out against the Federal fleet. The

Pr/lorsl Cemmanfer roes employing his troops to cut a canal across

the, lend opposite the city, so as to change the course of the Missis-sippi. and render Vtosburg an inland town.

The Federal General Curtis was in apeatlous condition in Arkansas. He was unable to propure supplies, end his snap had been reduced to half rations for a week. The enemy1 under Pike, 6001 strong, were moving from Pert Smith to take him in the rear.

 The first train from Mçmphie to Cerinth was attacked by the Confederate cavalry end capted twelve miles from Memphis. It contained eighty mule-teams soith provender-waggone, and a company of an Ohio regiment, besides several officers and railway officials, who were all captured.

TIM coaefln]rasva STATES.

President Bails had informed the Governor of Georgia that the nonsco'iption was necessary to ensurg the success of the Confederacy.

General Beauregar had published a letter in the Mobile Mu's denying the capture by General Pope of 10,000 prisoners, as talegtaphedby GehecalHsilaok He says that 100 or 200 stragglers would cover all the prisoners he took, and shout dOC damaged muskets to beet, All that the Confederates lost during the retreat would not amount, he says, to one day's cxpeust of the enemy's army.

All the clergymen of Nashville had refused to take the oath of allegiance to the Federal Government, Most of them had been confined in the Penitentiary.

General Butler ha4 Issued a new form); oath for foreigners at New Gylesne, Instructions had been sent to hbaa from Washington to cease all, feather correspondence with the foteiR11;

WASHINGTON.

diplomatic agents and to

leave such matters to the Department of president lincoln, urged by apetition signed byeihteen Governors

of loyal States, had called for a levy of 100,060 additional troops.

The House of Representatives had passed the Tariff Bill.

A meeting of the Conservative members of Congress had been held in the Capitol.

PERSONAL,

The (Jgsnte de Fads and the Duo de Chortrse have quitted the Federal sgmy and returned to Europe.

General "Stonewall" Jackson, the hero of th recent rencontrso with the J'edersls, is a native of Virginia, where he was born an 1825. He graduated at West Point in the same class with M'Clellan in 1846. He fought through the Mexican War, which he entered as s Second Lieutenant and quitted as a Major. A deeggiption of hem in a New York paper is to this sffest

Asferhiseeter mon he looks at lease seven years older then he ic-',ls height stone eve feet ton inches; his lig,u's thick-sot, eqsaro-ahencderea, end decidedly Clumsy ; his gelt very awkward, steoping, and with bag strides. He often walks with his head somewhat on one side, api his ayes fired upon the ground, Imparting to his whole appearance that ahotroricd qcality which ypnng ladles describe as aboant-mlode4. A lady Who hoe known him eng and well lies told me that she never saw him on hereebock without laughing-short stirrups, knees crumpet op, heels stuck out behind, and chin on his,bresst-a most immelciocy phenomenon. I,, eeelety he is grist but cheerful, not loquacious, but Intel[ llgoet and shrewd; in reuglin the bluest kind of e Presbyterian, and ertrenvsy strict In his church observances, In Winchester he took a very active pert in revivals, and habitually led the Vnlcn prayer meetings.

- grsonrtsiexous.  -

A large anti-abolition meeting had been bald an gnd around the deeper Institute, Now York.

Geld had advanced to 10 per cent premium, end the exchange

on London had reeahed a higher quotation• than at guy period once 1837. American stocks end bonds were being sent over for sale in large quantities by European holders.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS /

LONDON; SATURDAY, JULY 19, 1862,

are in with a prolongation of the Parliamentary

Session on the ground that it has become necessary to provide

•by legislative action for the relief of the thousands who have been reduced to distress by the American fratricidal war. We arc unaware of any valid reason for the expectation that the Session would terminate much earlier than usual, and we are equally unable to see why a measure upon the justice and humanity of which all must agree need occupy many nights in discussion. We perceive, however, that, in anticipation of the bill, the Manchester organs are calling upon the landowners of the distressed district to lay down vast sums as contributions to the relief f-end for those whom the manufacts*rthg interest has congregated in such dense swarms around its factories, and, it is not impossible -hat un acefnl demonstrations may be made on both sides. The Commons
THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. (Jloeo our 4peotl An (of end Correspondent)

The ilayoso House, Memphis, Tennessee, Tune 10.

Annie sir weeks of cramped existence on a Miosisaipni transport, I again find myself enjoying some of the eomforte of oivllisation. The limited area of a state-room of the smallest dimensions has changed to an apartment of such proportions that I em almost tempted. to write a new version of UUno'Voyage sutour do ma Chembrs." But either to write or draw with the thermometer at 100 dog. in. the shade is a task cc laborious, and one's energies become so lymphatic under the moistening influences of heat, that I must content me with relating facts and eschew the realms of fancy.

Memphis, the hotbed of Secession, has fallen. The proud city that

would never surrender to the Northern vandal is now garrisoned by Federal soldiers; the blackened, smoking ruins that were to havo greeted the advent of the invader was an empty boast; the streets

bathed in. bleed" but a figurative piece of bombast, for which the editor of The.Appecf is responsible. Commodore Davis, who commends the national flotilla, need scarcely have wasted words in setting his despatch. "I came, I saw, I conquered," would have expressed everything. Never was a success so complete and so cheaply purchased by the victors; never an enemy so humiliated. The 11 stars end bars" have been tailed in the duet; the flag of the Union waves from the principal buildings in the fallen oity. Verily, the Memphians have eaten dirt.

On the evening of the 4th inst. a lurid glare rising above the woods

 that so psreted us from Pert Pillow betokened the evacuation end

destruction of the last but one of the defences of the Confederates on the banks of the Misiesippi. Captain Phelps, commending the flag ehip of the flotilla, immediately eterted on a reoonnaoasenoe round Craighead Point whence an unmternapted view of the works could be obtained, end found the flames to pmaeed from the burning of gunoerriagee, cotton embraeuree, end barrack-sheds. Beauragerd'a rstreat from Corinth had induced the abandonment of Port Pillow; end, to make its occupation as profitless as possible to the Federals, the torah had been applied to what remained. Nothing could be soon of the Confederate fleet; and the presumption was they had fallen bask to Memphis, seventy-five miles below, the roeoit proving this surmise to be oorreot. As it would have been extremely unwise to land a force with the risk of magazines exploding, it was determined to delay the occupation till the following morning' end accordingly at daylight on the 6th the flotilla weighed anchor, 'and steamed down to the still smoking line of esrthworks. The position of Fort Pillow struck me as boin remsrkably strong both naturaliy and artificially. Situated on a bed rise known as the First Chiokaeaw BlufF, it commended the band in the river, which here has its ohannol immediately under the cliff, end within a hundred yards of the guns most of which would direct a plunging fire on passing vessels; he works were in three tiers, and composed of a water battery over a ouortor of a mile in lengh, a sense of strong redoubts midway up tire faos of the bluff, and en npper series partially hidden by dense foliage. A semicircular line of ride-pits, running three miles beak in the country, protected "am attack in the rear. The Confederates had evidently ~`l air sate ti-me removing their guns, as we found only

 'JZ4 we landed. A portion of these had been

he

t

- ad, --a h. burst, and others had been dismounted-,

spik

but some half dozen might prove serviceable to the

Federalists. There is no doubt the Southerners had had at least fifty guns in position; but, finding they would sooner or later have to evacuate, they had gradually removed the greater number of their pieces to strengthen the batteries being constructed at Vicksburg, the last barrier closing the Mississippi to the Federalists. By the time this letter appears in print the "Father of Waters" will

ursue his course uninterrupted by cannon from his source to the Gulf of Mexico end Viokoburg, the final stand-point of the confederates, will have teen wreoahed from them by Davis end Perragat.

Remaining at Port Pillow but time enough to melee arrangements

for holding it, the flotilla, consisting of five gun-boats, accompanied

by the transports, steamed down the river for Memphis. Now I

realised to the fullest extant the barbarous and wanton destruction of

property of which the Secessionists are guilty. Whenever we approached a plantation on either the Tenneeese or the Arkaneas shore we were certain to see a column of smoke rising in the neighbourhood indicating the burning of cotton or also the water would be covered by floatin' messes cast from dice bank into the stream. Passing within boiling distance of one of these plantations, end noticing game men engaged in effects to save a quantity that had become entangled with some drifting timber, I called and asked then by whose orders their pr opsrty had been destroyed. Their reply was, "They say it e by order of the Government, but there aint been no each thing inthis dog-gonedcountry forover a ear." I thena4ked if they were glad to we the stare and stripes year." again, and the answer was, "We guess; we are, mighty so;" and, in token of this feelinp being pretty general, numbers came down through the woods and oneered us as we passed along. We learned that the Southern fleet had preceded us but a few hours, and that their crews had landed and searched every plantation they came to for cotton, which they either burnt or threw into the river, deepito the protestations of the owners. One of their transports we overtook and captured while engaged in this vandalism, but the more responsible of those who were on board landed and escaped across the country before we took possession of her. That night, at ton o'clock, we anchored three miles above Memphis, concealed from the town by a duster of islands brown to Mississippi boatman an "Paddy's Hen and Chickens." The next day, June f, was to decide the fate of the city, perhaps of the Federal flotilla, for, undoubtedly there would be a great passage of arms between the rival fleets, the crews of one fighting beneath the eyes of their Southern hellos and inspired to deeds of valour by their presanos. An hour after the flotilla had come to its moorings a dead silence reigned oil every vessel: many that night said "God save us!" and others cried "Amen!"

 At five a.m. on the morrow the signal was flying from the Benton (flag-ehip)to cast off, and at half-pest five we rounded the point that separated us from Memphis, and came in full view of the city and the Confederate fleet, eight in number, drawn up in line across the river to dispute our progress, Nothing daunted, the five national gun-boats steadily pressed forward; and as we drew nearer we saw that the bluff in front of the town was covered by a dense crowd assembled to witness the gladiatorial display. The glorious sun of Jeans rose resplendent, shedding its golden rays on spire and roof, and bathing the brown old Mississippi in a flood of light that made its opaque waters fairly sparkle. .s,o parti-aoloored masses on the elf dressed in their gay sunsnror clothing gave to the scene a festive appearance strangely at variance with the stern reality of war about

to be enacted in their' presence. But I was soon called from the eon-'he of the spectators in the am phitheatre tiers to the arena itself, in whioh I was somewhat of an actor, for the first note of deflanee had been reared from 'he throat of a 64-pounder, and the shot erattered the water up all round. In a few noinutee all the vessels on

oh side were engaged, and the firing baoame general, the Southern boats slowly falling back wlrilewe continued advancing. Two vessels

by Captain Phelps, struck the Beauregerd it her boilers, and she went down, giving Commodore Davis, who made the most humane efforts, barely time to cove those on board her. The Jeff Thompson was set on fire by a shell from a Federal boat, and, being run ashore, blew up shortly after she was abandoned; the General Bragg also was struck by a shell and her cotton bulkheads ignited, but the crew of the Sentou, who boarded her, succeeded in extinguishing the fire. To sum up the whole affair, one Confederate vessel alone escaped-the General Van Don; three were destroyed, and four were captured after a running fight of one hour and a half.

Next mail will bring you an account of the occupation of Memphis, the feelm_g. of the people, and their conduct under Federal rule. At present I can do no more than send you this brief letter, as my time has been taken up with sketching.

F. V.
trader a full headofetesm name from our rear andpassed "ewiftlythauugh our line, each seeking an antagonist in the Confederate fleet. They mounted no guns, and had but a crew of twelve riflemen stationed behind a massive loopholed bulkhead. A few weeks since they were ordinary river eteamere, beat, bating been thoroughly strengthened and protected by massive tinbert and e solid iran-a pped prow placed on each, it was determined to try them as rats. I. n they aped nnharmed by the storm of shot and shall which won seined upon them. The first, the Queen of the West, mode far the Beauregard, and, as the latter sheared off to avoid the blow, she ran foul of ths General Price, one of her consorts, completely tearing the starboard wheel aft the latter end compelling her to run to the Arkansas shorn in n sinking condition, where she was abandoned by her grew. The General Bragg now came p to the assistance of the Beauregard and struck the Queen of the West on her pant paddle-hex, crushing it in, but in turn got a huge rent in her port bow. In the mean time the other

Federal roan, the Monarch, bore down towards the General Lowell, and, striking her amidships, out her down to the water's edge, and in three minutes afterwards abs stink in one hundred feat of water, takingwith her moot of her new. Thus two of the Confederate boats were disposed of, six only being left for the free national vassals to contend with the coma retiring from the fight A shot from the Banton fired
Ai5iaptca LAnge,- I confess that in the States I have

sometimes been shaven to think that chivalry has been carried too far-that there lean attempt to make women think more of the rights of their womanhood than is needful. There are ladies' doers at hotels, mid ladies' drawing. rooms, ladies' aides on the. ferry-boats, and ladies' windows at the post-office for the delivery of letters (which, by-the-by, is an atrocious institution, as soybody may learn who will look at the advertisements called peramml in some of the Now York papers). Why should not young ladies have their letters soot to their houses inotoed of getting them at a private window? The poobofiro clerks case bell siestas about these ladies' wiodowa. But at every turn it, Is necessary to melee separate provision for ladles. From all this it comes to peas that the baker's daughter locks dross from a great height on her papa, and by no means thinks her brother geni enough for her associate. llstoro, the grcot restorer, mines In and Icocises her to fall In love with the butcher's eon. Thus the evil Is mitigated; but I cannot but wish that the Y=901:=, abeold nol me herself denominated a lady so often and should rloosens as to the extent of her privileges. I would save her, if I mold, from working at the oven; I would give to her breed and meat emssod by her father's case and her brother's sweat; best, when the bee received these good things, I would have her prssed of the one mid by no means ashamed of the other.-Zfulfops.

tern rns.ena'JtsjTs yr bti,LasJotreOA,-ine balJIOl'lflOBe are

anticipating the time when they shall be compelled to turn their attention to ether pursuits than gold digging. Placer mining in some parts of California has already craned to he profitable for white men. In 1852 gold diggers earned If dollars per day, and in 18 62 they are obliged to he rossleoted wilbljdollero. It Is estimated that If the fruitfulness of the gold mines contlnoeo is dmrraoe in the came ratio as it has done for the lest ten years, In 18 7-9 no white men will be found at work in the gold mines. Anserirun wrileroexprom an opinlan that in a few years California will get rich by carrying limber to Chins, Pled

latter ceueir-,hsvlng heendsnsclypopulated fer ages, is bare of timberl and the monster forests of California mold furnish that product for centuries to cease, end aloosopplyihofeOtaof oimmocowhschsvlllhoerqieiredfor the Chineserivero.

"Tier :Chinese," says a Californian paper,-!'are alive to tics benefits of river

steamers, and in the advantages which shipments on Eoropeeen vessels give in

safety and certainly of inotsruoro, Before the pirates made the voyages of the jcnks almost impossible the Chinese merchant ealculoled to lam one renters

In three. The now avoids the risk by freighting In foreign bottoms. The

opening of the rivers will call for the eonslroctlao of a feet of light-draught

steamers, which California ran onyply. We have faitb that the trudc mow be cur; it efforts be. mode Ic sedsie iii. and that so our mills increase' slid labour dleosintolsrs In value ore may make steady shipments of lumber in Chine's groat weller, aced, if we will, that the return vessels may be loaded with a product v-blob evil gire cmpleyrnret is Csllfdnslms looms and eplndics. Our northern forests will rroassnd with chmrfsml industry end our shipyards give forth the productions of ingenious laboor, Youthful California and

Oregon will spare to aged Cistern the surplus of their forests lot the produce of her plains, made hare of weed by tIes wants of crntsirses of a deems pepsslsiioa."
Mimic" SILENCE-I found no aptitude, no with for

conversation; nay, even a disinclination to converse. In the Western States I do not think that I was over addressed fret by en American sitting next to me at table. Indeed, I never held any conversation at a public table in the West. I have eat in the came main with men for boom end have net bed a word spoken in me. I have done my very beet to brook through this ice, and have always failed. A West American men Is ieee a tnlking man, lie wIll cit for borne ever a esters with a cigar la tIe month, end his feat over his eyes chewing the cad of reflection. A dozen will sit together in the some way,

Chore tall net be a dozen spoken words bet-some them in an boor. With the

women ones thence at conversation is still worse. It seemed as though the cones so the world had been tee eneeoh for them, and that all talking, nacept business (demseede, for instance, on the servants for pinkies for their children), had gone by the beard. They were generally leaed, dry, and melancholy. I em speak g, at mum, of aged females-from five-end-twenty perhaps in tbirty, tend who had long since given up the amusements end levitim of life. t very cools abandoned any attempt at drawing a word from these ancient mothers of. femelaa but net the less did I ponder In. my mind ever the circumstances of their lives.-North America. lift Anf/ieay Troflupe.
AIsHI1UCA.

By the arrival of the Montreal Company's steamer Angle-fines we have newspapers to the 11th and telegrams vii Cape ltaee to the 14th instant.

aerenronamsu OPERATIONS.

The grand army on the Rinse River, reinforced by the corps-a, armie

under General Buniside, is safely intrenched around fleavison's

Landing, about twenty-seven miles from Richmond. Bevmd a slight skirmish on the led, there had been no fighting since the let instant. It is admitted that all idea of immediate advance upon the Confederate capital is abandoned.

President Lincoln had paid a visit to the army, in order to see far himself if any changes were needed in the commend of the army. He held a private conference with General M'Clellan for half an hour, end then proceeded to visit the line of intrenelamants. Es wit welcomed with great enthusiasm by the troops. He addressed to them some encouraging words, denying that they had been beaten, end expressing be confidence that they would not give up without going nato Richmond. He declared his confidence in the army tad its commanders.

The special correspondents of the journals acknowledge that the retreat of the army was attended with the greatest port, and that nothing but the superiority of the Federals in artillery saved them. The Confederates marched up to the mouth of the guns with utter recklessness of life. Had they placed 30,000 men south of White Oak Swamp they could have divided the Federals into two parts, and annihilated them. The Confederate journals complain that they were sutgensralled at this -point. The Federal loss in killed, wounds, and missing is set down at 30,000. It is probable that the C,enfsdsrates suffered as severely. The report that their General, Magruder, was captured, and General Jackson killed, was unfounded.

 A Federal transport conveying supplies up the tienees River was fixed into by the Confederate batteries below Hanisnn'a Lending, and was obliged to run "here to escape being sunk. Capta'n Wilkes, late of the San Jaeinto, had been appointed to the command of the James River flotilla.

The British steamer Modem Greece, whilst attempting to ran the' blockade at Wilmington, North Carolina, was run aground by the blockading fleet, who hauled off on the opening of the fort an thsms' files bed 100 tons of powder on board, but the fort saeeeedelliis sinking her so as to wet the powder and prevent her explosion by the' Federal shells. Her passengers and crew were saved. It wasbeliovet that a large portion of her cargo would also be saved.

Viekeburg still held out against the Federals, although the city

had suffered a ten-days' bombardment, and been on firs several times..

The army of occupation in the Valley of the Mississippi hen met with two reverses. A large body of Confederates has eaptured Murfroesboraugh, a town thirty-two miles south of Nashville, said taken one Federal regiment prisoners. Despatches from Mobile say that Bdton Rouge, the capital of Louisiana, had been roeaptnre&, and 1100 Federal prisoners had been taken.

THE oowrzneau.vE evAns,

tier consequence of the late battles, Confederate stock rose from 93 to 07. The wheat and oat crop in these States is a failure.

wAaemenroar,

General Scott had been summoned to Washington and had quartan assigned him at the War Department.

The Treasury Note Bin as finally passed, allows the issue of 100,000,000 dole., of which to,ooo,ooo dale. are reserved as a. banking fund to secure the payment of temporary deposits, leaving 100,000,000 dale. far circulation. Of these 3.5,000,000 dale. may be issued in small notes of one, two, and three dollars dsnoenine.tien.

Congress is debating the propriety of employing usgrass an Sat military service of the nation, and has passed a bill authorising the President to make arrangements with foreign Governments, especially with Denmark, for the colonisation. of captured negroes.

A meeting of the members of Congress for, the Border States had been held to consider the President's emancipation scheme. The Hess' York Eecaeiaag Feel says that the majority oppose the scheme and will decline to accept the proposal.

new eooeavwneu,i arsrers.

The great question of the hour is the means of teasing the 300,O men called for by the President at the instance of eighteen Governas. Great efforts were being made by public meetings, patriotic addresses, gubernatorial proclamations, ti-c., to promote valuntssreng. IN Common Council of Buffalo had appropriated 80,000 dollars to raise a new regiment in that city, giving 75 dollars bounty to each recruit in addition the 40 dollars granted by the Federal Government. Other cities had adored 100 dole. The Mayor of New York in has proelsane'lion urges the people to enlist, not only to put down the rebellion but

to I 'th h eign  rV`cat'QR*

a - r -0 0' '0~ t in'

th lad naunce t4

te gloom & d re_m. of

h ~course .1 their ].story.

pp

raps conaa' 'y~  h --creary I

rat _7

,hl ~. C

e c 'cl. aadwi  sa

an 1 an

I V p_uo. 7 ar~d, ng
Gold has vied prom ]5 to 17 per cent promh. Silver comands 8 per cent rexnirnn; and even copper cents are 2 to 3 per cent above par. The greatest ince.venknco exiotei among retail dealers me *mull chcnge, ucl binp1aters were freely used. Some journals athocated the urn of poetage-otn,s for small change.
=THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS,

HE n

LOON: AW1lD4Y: .Tb'LTOG, 1862.

FoR the time, at all events, the tide seems to have turned. Details of the six day of fighting near Richmond haye arrived, and it will iieed something more than a speech from Mr. Lincoln to conyince the world that the Federals were ,not, in his delightful language, "whipped." The whipping was certainly administed with immasei vigour and disastrous effect, That Genetal M'Clellan is now safe, under the protection of the gun-boats, which have again proved of the utmost value in thestragest campaign n record, is probably true; but the coutipst between-the vauntiul promises and the almost piteous rè.fefeiicu to the last date at which guns were lost is very significant. The largest statements were Sat flying, to the effect that it least five armies, numbering 130,000 men, were all marching on Ruhcnoncl; but we have heard all this kind of thing before. The best thing that can be aRid is that, apart from the bombast necessary for 'civil consumption, General M'Cldllan has a right to take credit for having got a portion of his army well out, of a terrible scrape,;'- but it is insulting common sense to t?Ik of a rapid flight over seventeen miles, the loss of a very large nuthbcr f guns, and the abandoning dead and wounded, as anything but a defeat of the most signal character; and it is not a healthy sign that a Government is afraid to trust a ptopie with the truth, and compels a braTe solder to frame addresses in the style of a.apoleon t Astleys Amphitheatre. The slaughter of those dsyshould have made men grave and truthful ; it is almost impossible to realise the fact that some five andtwenty thousand men were either killed or It-or

do combat, but 59 the estimates, now permitted to ooze out, repre. sei-itthe case to be, Anewsuccesa gainedbythe Confederatesin the South is reported, and we learn that Bdton Rouge has fallen into their hands, with 1500 prisoners. The ruffian Butler 'a1 begin to tremble in New Orleans. A battle with Halleek wag thought to be impending. Finally, all reports certify that "an uneasy feeling as to both military and political matters prevails," and this is a vague formula, yet one which has often preoede

news of strange disruptions in the Old World.

In our own Parliament alienee has been Rt last broken upon the American question, and in a, debate, raised by Mr. Lindsay, the House was asked to consider whether England ought to interfere. But we 'are glad to say that the Commons preserved the self-control which has so &eititably characterised their proceedings in reference to America. No aeRter of first-class position took part in the debate except Lord Palnierston, who spoke only to deprecate discussion and to urge that s difficult and important a subject should be left to the Government. There was little that fell from any of the debaters that should annoy either Northerns:or Somhron, at least such among them. as are aware that Mr. ,lTluitcside is rather liked for a vituperation which disturbs the dullness of, the;Bouse,' but is nobody, when heads are count-ed. The other speakers displayed th

most laudable moderation of language.
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.

Wia give below a View (from -a, sketch

Eyre Orowe) of the High-street, Ricinnoul

towards which city r,ublic attention j no

naturally directed. this street straggles pie. toresquely down one side of a hill and another. The stores are of a stracUy utilitarian character, with nothing prsteutioue about them. The poles which ertend. thrre. out the breadth of the fiagwoy are inteudo,J during the summer heats, to protect tl lounger from the blistering sun. ]3 f the greatest object of curiosity to Euxopesn 'visitors in Richmond is the little street roaring at right angles with High-street, and on the left-hand side. It is called Wall-street: in it the sales of negroes take place. From this narrow little passage have issued entire armies of "likely hands" after being sold, so they have gone southwards to the plantariwn, Thousands, however, are fixtures in itichanend itself. They throng the streets carting, away large tobacco barrels; or else grin good. geedhuniouredly at the door of the A.merjcjt Hotel, the principal one of the town, which is also in the High-street. As in every town in America, the telegraphic wires festoon the street, end. send sensation headings to the

Richmond Times or the Richmond Enquirer.

Doubtless they have ere this flashed to theo

eices news of more than ordinary import, and

the High-street is thronged with soldiery seldom seen there in more peaceful times.
floliTesol inTEneseTs Ar Nitw OotnAtte-Mr. S. FiyocenosAsto eo,meiaine5 that, while France, Spain, arid every other maritime power were represented at Now Orleans by ships of war, no shader protection had been eliordret to British subjects in bust otty. The subject was one of grove Interest, end the proceedings of General Butler, as well as the possibility of differences between England end America mndered it important that Ieee Majesty's Oovonteae;et should give their sorleeo attention is the matter-Sir p. Fstuepieooe having expressed his concurrence in the roenarito of the neeenber fez Horsham, Mr. LAYMAn insisted that the Government had net eeegieetesi British Internoto cat New Orleans. A skip of 'see had been ordered to that city, hot the order wee sebsequsotly eeeotereneteded, as it crete felt to be desirable to avoid any eosesiioetatleee of piecer. He added that our Tics. bed been reeognioed by the Pederot Governeneut.
THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

(D-em our Special Artist end Cbrrsepezdssf.)

Washington, July 4.

Tore thunder of the cannon before Richmond reached me in ominous tohoes don the volley of the Mississippi. It was whispered the roar of the Confederate guns rose more defiant thonthat of the Federal. Rumours of great battles on the Chickahoooiny oamo hourly to Memphis through Southern sources, and, though nothing was reliable, frt it was evident the fight for the championship had commenced. I hod always felt that my place was before Richmond, and your readers ore aware of the oauae of my absence from that central point of interest. What I proposed, Mr. Stanton was not disposed should be, flewever, the manifold blunders and petty jealousies of this official are now producing such grievous results that his downfall is almost certain, and if his removal in disgrace from a position which he has jiroved himself totally unfit for be considered a satisfaction to those he has injured, why then I, among others, am morally assured of that amount of vengeance, at least. With the probability that his ensceesor may be more liberal towards English correspondents, and less narrow-minded generally, I have hastened back from the West and await the change in the Administration, which may, perhaps, enable ma at the eleventh hour to avail myself of General M'Clsllan's invitation to join his headquarters on the James River.

I went your readers to understand one thing, and that is, that I write my impressions from day to day, and if I am misled at the -time it is by force of eiroumstanees for which I can scarcely be held responsible; but I can clear up and correct afterwards when I find I have been deceived. In 0 former letter I mentioned that crowds of refugees from Memphis sought the protection of the Federal gun-beats as they lay off Fart Pillow, and that I learnt from many of them that there was a strong Union- element in that city which only awaited the appearance of the. dttilla to declare iteeld I have since found this net to be the ease, end I may say positivdly that there is more bitterness of feeling Ivincod towards the North by the Memphiane than I ever saw displayed by the Italians to the Austrians. If the entire South is actuated by the some sentimetstsThreathed by the people of ecuth-western Tennessee and Mississippi; why, than l declare the reconstruction of the: Union impossible p end, though the North by superior poster end' resources may eventually- conquer the South, she can never held her in any ether way than that which binds Vsnetia to the Todebcbi. Your readers: mutt- Understand that I never saw anything of Southern people until I landed at Memphis. A "peculiar institution" of theirs had ptejudioed me somewhat against them, and I believed from all I heard that the Secession movement was but akin deep after all, and that the people would willingly return to their allegiance to the Government of the United States if the old flag were carried to their midst and the leaders of the rebellion removed from among them, I have been astounded at the unanimity displayed by oil on the one subject of separation. If there be a dassenteent here and there, he is a man who has Northern interests, and most frequently he is a German, a sojourner among a strange people. If the South had not been unanimous, how eculd the movements of their Generals have been kept so secret, and yst all transpiring within the Federal ramps he mown in the ranks of the Ssseseiooiets? If 'they had had traitors to their cause in their midst, would Corinth have been evacuated in the face

 of Halleek's immense armywithcut that General being made aware of what was transpiring 'within three miles of him? Would "Stonewall"

Jackson have been allowed to perform that brilliant movement which enabled him to attack M'Clellan' a right and form a junction with Lee, while the Federal commanders, ever a hundred miles away in the Shenandoah Valley were trembling in their jackbeote at the idea of his momentarily atLacking them? I say again, I believe the South to ho unanimous, end with this belief my ideas have notably changed as to the future. In Memphis and its immediate neighbourhood I made it my business to mix with all classes end test their loyalty or disloyalty, and, though the stars and stripes floated from the public buildings, and the supremacy of the Federal Government had been asserted by the Federal arms, yet I found but one minute drop of Union oil to pour uvon the troubled ocean of Secession : all were cle.mouring for separatsen. If, then, such are the sentiments of the entire South, and defeat does net bring them nearer to the Union, what is to be the result of all this bloodshed f A, conquered people, writhing in the chains that hind them to their conquerors seeking every fresh opportunity for outbreak. The eivilised world will shortly demand that this wholesale massacre shall cease, and that the temperate counsels of European Governments shall take the place of unekilful Generals, who, while sacrificing the lives of thousands of brave men and deluging this vast continent with their blood, approach no nearer to a solution, but 'widen the gulf which separates the combatants and embitter the hatred which is daily growing fiercer.

As I have stated at the opening of this letter, my purpose in return

!to Washington is, it possible, to. rewh the army on the James Ver. Very bad news for the Federalists will reach you by this mail, already I suppose, anticipated by telegraph, and, though it is evidently the wish to make the beet of it, I must caution you against believing in a victory where there was a defeat. At present I know but little about what has latterly transpired in front of Richmond, at least I am scarcely sufficiently posted to go into the matter, and must refer you to the general news. Of one thing there is no doubt, that M'Clellan has been forced to retreat seventeen miles with frightful lees, and yet hypocritical journalists here chant a "To Deum," and pronounce the movement to have been a masterly piece of strategy. I have still one or two more Mississippi Sketches to send you, and with them I will write more fully and from the beet authority (is is the actual condition of matters with the army of the Potomac. I have hopes of getting on the spot myself, and shall leave no effort uutrisd to reach the lames River, but howl am to achieve my purpose unless the Minister of War relents, I scarcely know.  F. V.

OUR l'LLUetltATIOliS,

Two Engravings in connection with the operations of the Federal

flotilla on the Mississippi, from Sketches by our Special Artist, forworded by the previous mail, are given in this week's Impression at page 105.

The first shows the position of the flotilla before Fort Pillow shortly before the evacuation of that fort by the Confederates. In a letter written in a transport off Fort Pillow, on the 31st of May loot, our Special Artist writes as fellows respecting the subject of this fllustmtton :-" Our mortars have been pegging away at Pert Pillow for the lest day or two without intermission, and we occasionally get a shell in return. Unfortunately, the Federalists rennet well easer
tom the effect of their fire, as all, they can see of the fort or its

position is simply the rise of the bluff on which it is situated above the bend in the river. The Sketch I send will give a tolerable idea of

the relative positions. The national merter-rafte are placed against the Arkansas shore, immediately under the beak, and half a culls of dense forest lies between them end the winding bed of the river which

flows by the fort. The shells are thrown over the trees, the tango being calculated by a daily reconnaissance sent to observe the effect of

the bombardment; but this reconnaissance is not always successful, for the weeds are often filled by Confederate scouts, on whichoccasions .a. free fight takes place, lnsoeking everything else on the head."

As regards the esoondllngraving, which shows Celonelllitob and the 46th Indiana Volunteers taking at tlsepeint of the bayonet the battery of Pert St. Charles, we have the followi=1 ticulars :-On the 11th of June. four of the gun-beate from the a in front of Memphis

were dispatched to the White Ifiver, Arkansas, 155 miles below, to clear out the cottonburners end to endeavour to communicate with Curtis. The expedition on its way up the Wbito [lives', mat with a battery mounted on a bluff, and the gun-beets immediately engaged,

the Mound City loading. Unfortunately, a 42-pound shut from the breastwork entered the oseemates of the Mound City end burst her eteem-drum, scalding Ihi perocue. The peer fellows, writhing with

agony, jumped through the ports into the river, sndwsre there, while shrieking for help, shut down by the rebels. Colonel Bitch, who was on board one of the Union tsnusporte, isusnediately landed, end carried

the works at the point of the bayonet. The suonees of the Union forces was complete, and the Southern artillerymen were shot at their guns.

The Oi-e.eisseafi Daily Times, in its number for June 28, has

the following notice of the arrival in that city of our epeeiel Artist:-"Among the recent arrivals at the nsruet House we are pleased to see the

nicole of Prank Yieeeeliy, Eoq., artist and correspondent of the Ibbusvs.ATau Lolmure lfoswe. This paper, it whO to remembered, is one of the few Louder, journals that has token an us,b,aseed view of cur politicos troubles, end has

dose net a little toward setting so right before the English people. The

numerous life-like sketches and graphic letters from the Army of the Potomac

east the B,srneide expedition, which have appeared in the pages of the Itnugrn.kvsrn Lo-.;DoT lerwe from week to week during the poet year; have been from Mr. Vieetelly's pencil said pan. Me bee just returned from Memphis, having been with the Mistiosippi flotilla for two months, and purposes joining the enny More Rieheres,d in a few day--"
The Queen has appointed Mr. Edgar Leopold Layard, in the

room of Me. Richard Saelooe, to be Arbitrator to the Mixed British and

Fortog0000 Commlosloo estoblisherl at the Cope of Peed Mope. 'rho Qoeelo has

approved of Mr. Aroold Otto Meyer as Consul oe Singapore for the Free llonoeaoie city of llembaeg cod for the Free llasoseatle city of Bremen. Her )faj000y boo also approved of air. Theodore D. lisiseseds as Consul at Brmeeara for tloo 53s! ted States of America. Tho Qoeen hoe appointed Frederick Seyeooor, Boil., lato foperloteosleoe of the osttle.orot of British Honduras, to be Lieotooont-Cloeereer of the colony of Oritisoho Iteodorse
AMERICA.

By the Canadian mail-steamer Hibemian we have telegrams vi; Cape Race to the 22nd tilt.

WAR Stews.

Tliepoeition of the army of the Potomac remained unchanged. It had been roiniereed from General Hunter's command, now inactive on the coast of South Carolina, The Federal fleet in James River comprises an immense number of vessels. There are nearly 690 transports and war-steamers between Newport News and Harraeon'e Bar, besides almost innumerable small craft, among which are 100 to 2d0 oanal-boats. The gun-boats number from 20 to hI. From Rieheiopnd we learn that the obstructions in the river had been considerably weakened by the recent freshets; that Pert Darling had been greatly strengtbenpd and the batteries iron-clad; that, a division of the ConIedorate army had crossed the river on a pontoon-bridge to assist in its defence against any lend force. A gun-boat on the plan of the Men-ho cc was rapidly approaching completion at Richmond, though great difficulty was experienced m obtaining iron for her armour.

President Davis had issued an addises to the army congratulating

them "en the series of brilliant victories" which they had lately

won which had forced the fee, "despite his reinforcements, to so* shelter under the cover ef his Y-boats h he now lips cowe '

6eatened with 11

before the army so lately diviled and t w ere entire Bubi

:tion.11 General Lee also congratulates the army upon relieving cbmuna from a state of siege, end claims to have captured fiftythree pieces of artillery in the late engagement.

 In the valley of the Shcnandcah all is quiet. Labourers are wanted

to gather the bountiful harvests. General Pope had issued, a general order that the army would subsist on the country in which he was about to carry on operations.

The West has been prolific of desultory contests. Moorfrcesbcreugh has been taken and evacuated. The Federal General Dnffield was mortally wounded, and the Confederate General Twig," killed in the affair. The south-wept is overran with guerrillao. The Confederates have captured Cynthiana and Hendereeri, in Kentucky, and have even crossed the Ohio Paver, for the bet time since the war commenced, end seized the river town of Newbem'g, in the free State of Indiana. In view of these events the Governor of Ohio had called out volunteers for thirty days, to resist incursions from Kentucky.

Vic]esburg still holds out, and the canal which is to divert the

course of the river, and which is being dug by negroes m the Federal service, advances towards cemplotien. A Confederate rem had arrived at Vieksburg, and, after inflicting considerable damage upon the Federal fleet, had anrheaed under cover of the Confederate batteries.

The otegy that Bhton Rouge had been recaptured by the Confede-rates is without inundation in fact,

General Curtis, by breed marciase, had safely arrived at Helena, Arkanese. elf, r woreting the Confederates in several small. engagements. The Confederate General Price has crossed the Mississippi into Aa'kanes to co-operate against General Curtis.

The British steamer Ann was discovered by a United States' frigate

 and gun-boat under the guns of Fort Morgan, Mobile Bay, unloading arms end gunpowder. The former engaged the fort, and the latter succeeded in cutting the British vessel out. Her cargo consisted of war material, tea, coffee, pepper, end the like,

wasrcoaorosV

Congress adjourned on the 17th ult. Dining the Session it has appropriated 800,000,000 dels., including 660,000,009 dole. for the Army and 100 000,000 dcls. far the Navy.

Congress ha4 passed the Isiilitia Bill, antharissing the President to emplcy negress for camp service, or any military or, naval service for which they are competent; also to accept 100,000 volunteers for nine months, with the usual bounty.

President Lincoln had signed the Confiscation Bin, with amendments that the previsions of the bill should net apply to acts of rebels done previous to the passing of the bill, and that the conOseatten is to be only during the lifetime of offenders.

The President had signed an Act for issuing postage and other

stamps for currency, end forbidding banks or corporations to issue

bills for lees than one dollar.

The House of Representatives had postponed the Senate Bill foil the admission of Western Virginia until the next Session of Congress by a vets of 63 to 53.

In the Senate Mr. Chandler deneuneed M'Clshlan's tactics, declaring

that tens of tbouesnds of men were killed in the swamps of the Ohickaheminy, and that 138,000 men wore sent to M'Clellan previous to the battles before Richmond.

The Denier States members had issued a majority report Opposing

President Lincoln's emancipation scheme, and a minority report favouring the scheme.

rote connroanna eflTlb9

The press and public meetings continue to sin' up popular cnthubaaem for the war. Nevertheless, the recroite do not come forward in the large numbers needed by the Government. The Slate of 'Vermont had been the first to raise a regiment under the new oak and dispatch at to the seat of war.

The Great Eastern was anchored in Flushing Bay, on the northern coast of Long Island, about sight miles east of New 'York city. The New York P'rjbos,e says, "The experiment of bringing her through the I? ace end up Long Island Sound to her anchorage m Fluehin Bay was a complete success. She was brought to her encherags wit as much ease and dispatch as any ordinary vessel would have neon. The passengers were conveyed to the city by steamers expressly provided by the agents. Defers leaving, the passengers presented a Complimentary letter end resolutions to Captain Patois, She ap
roacbod New York by this route inateod of by the 1udon River, tecauot her heavy cargo rendered her incapable of entering by the latter inlet;

Gold has risen to twenty par cent, and silver to fifteen per cent.

premium. The city of Newark, in ardor to meet iho outcry for smell change, has issued corporation notes for small amounts varying from ten cents. (id) to fifty. The strike of the grain ebovellere of New York against the floating grain e1evetor, is a serious cheek to the meat flourishing department of the capon trade of the Stitce

CALIFORNIA.

On the 10th ult. thcte was a grand torchlight roc-sewn in San Francisco in honour of the passage of the i'uciiic]loclroed Bill. Many houses were illuminated.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEW

LONDON: SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1282.

AMJsnXCAR news is more important than exciting. In the seifu of a mass of detail of a complex character comes the alinounce. mont that Congress enables the President to employ the Negro in any military or naval service for which he may- be q ualiid. If, therefore, a" contraband" of warlike genius should arise, there should be nothing to prevent his becoming all officer of the United States Army or Navy, and leading the Whites j,

action. Surely Africa is winning in the great game, whatever may be the ill fortune of Europe and America. We furtbr learn that the unwise act-to give it no harsher name-I,)which the breach between North and South is render,~d irreparable-the act of confiscation, and imposition of the penalty of death, in the case of every Confederate who shall be in arms after the middle of September-has not been vetoed by the President, but has received his assent, with the amendment that it shall not be an er post facto law. That Mr. Lincoln dared not repudiate a measure at which his jucig. mont revolted shows the greatly increasing power of the Republican section in the North, as opposed to the Demoecats, and that it is clear that the idea of reconstructing the Union has been renounced by the former. The currency questies. exerts its fatal power in the North, as elsewhere, and varjou

shifts are being employed to mitigate inconvenience, postage and other stamps being made legal tender. Congress hal adjourned, having during the Session appropriated 8OO,OOO,O dollars. Thomas Moore wrote, in the Prince Regent's days ....

When mighty Beishazzar brims high in the hall His cup full of gaOl to the (ka,,l's overthrow.

Lo, "L'ight Rundred Millions" I write on tile wail, And the cup fells to earth and the gout to his toe. We may believe that still more crippling results will he foumi to have followed Jonathan's indulgence in the luxury of extravagance. The military news represents the Confederates U having gained a number of small but exhilarating successes, and of having effected some movements of a really "strategic" kind, and which will be found to have value in the isles' part of the campaign. M'Clellan had been reinforced, and in one column of an American journal we read "Enormous Enthusiasm for Little Mac," while in the report of the proceedings in the Senate we find him denounced in no measured terms, and charged with having lost inca by teas of thousands in the swamps. At last the North, which has had several pseudo-Napoleons, has found one general capable of treading in the steps of Bonaparte. - General Pope has proclaimed that "war is to support war," that the Federal armies are to live upon the resoureos of the country in which operations may be carried on. E Yery successive act of the Federals further destroys the fiction that- they are not dealing with "belligerents." Re. craiting is said to proceed very slowly, in spite of the large sums offered by the Governments. The Confederate General at Richmond congratulates the army there upon having delivered that city from a state of siege, and elates that fifty-three Federal guns have been taken in the recent engagements. For what strategic purpose it was desired that these should be in the hands of the enemy General M'Clellsn will explain at his leisure; the Duke of Wellington was rather particular upon this subject, mid we remember seeing hint touchingly earnest upon one occasion in explaining to the Lords that in all affair to which reference had been made two or three guns were supposed to have been lost, but lie would not move until they had been brought iii, We are justified in bringing in the name of a single Wellington where so many Napoleons are set up. Lastly, the prompt act of the English authorities in seizing a Confederate vessel that had violated the Queen's orders had received tolerably courteous recognition at New York, and this is something in the present temper of the North.
PLAN OF THE SEAT OF WAR IN EASTERN VIRGINIA

Tare Plan which we present to our readers on page 125 covers an area

of about 20,000 Square miles, and includes a large portion of the country between the Blue Badge on the west end Chesapeake Bay on the east, between the Potomac on the north and James River on the South, which has been the theatre of the best-conteated. conflicts on land and sea between the Federals and Confederates. Beet of the Chesapeake are the two peninsular counties of Virginia end a portion of the "eastern shore" section of Maryland. West of it lice a nobly

watered country, including portions of Maryland the district of Columbia, and the "tide-water" section of Virginia. The rivers falling into the Chesapeake from the west are euooeeeively from north to south, the Patuxent, Potomac, Rappahannook, York (formed by the confluence of the Pamnñkey and Maltapony), end, lastly, the Iaanee. In the north-west corner of the plan are to be seen the cities of Washington, Georgetown, and Alexandria. The country intersected by the York and .Tames Rivers abounds in points of interest. At the extremity of the peninsula formed by those two rivers are Port Monroe and Hampton. Nearly opposite, on the Elizabeth River, are Norfolk and the Goeport Navy-yard. On the York River, near its embouchure, is the little port of Yorktown, famous for the surrender of Lord Conwallia to the Aanerioan forces in 1781. It
recently fell into the hands of the Federal, when

the Confederates fell back on Richmond. James

town, a little village on the north bank of the James River, thirty-two miles from its mouth, was the seat of the first permanent Euglieh colony in America (iso 1807). A. few miles above Jamestcrwn the Ohiokahonciny discharges itself into the James. About halfway between Richmond and the mouth of the Chickahominy, lies the hilly country, where M'Clellaso's army is now stationed, Still higher up, and only seven miles below Richmond, is Port Darling, where the course of the river is obstructed to prevent the passage of the Federal gun-boats. Richmond itself is situated on the north bark of the James, about 100 miles from its month. Directly oppoeite to Richmond are its suburbs of Manchester and, Spring Pill, which are connected with the city by three bridges, Five lines of railroad radiate from the capital of Virginia. The Richmond and York River Railroad, which in times of peaoe connected the city with the aforesaid river, was the line by which M'Clellcn supplied his army, and on-which his head-quarters at White House .situated until his recent change of front and base of operations. His right wing at one time was extended so far as to rest on the Virginia Central Railway a line running north from Richmond just north of the point where it crosses the Chiokahominy. This river and the White Oak Swamp, across which his army retreated., lie between the Richmond and York River Railway and the James River. On the south bank of this river, nearly opposite to Turkey Bend, is City Point, where the Federal flotilla is now anchored. This is also the point where the Appoinatbox flows into the James,
Anocious ACT OF PIRACY-The secretary at Lloyd's has

received from the Board of Trade a copy of a despatch from the British Consul at Malaga relative to on atrocious act of piracy committed near the Spanish roost. A. short time ago the American barquo Reindeer, Captain 3. N. Hewlett, roaster, received a cargo of salt at (lotte, for New York. At one o'clock on the morning of the 9th nit, she had proceeded on her homeward voyage to a point about thirty miles to the south-east of Malaga. There two Spanish seamen belonging to the crew surprised and murdered the second mote, the carpenter, the cook, and another seaman, wounded the master, the chief mate, end two ethers. They plundered the ship of some 400 dole, in spools, and a watch. They stove one of the beats, and absconded with the ether one, after setting lire to the vessel fore and aft. At eight am. the American ship Minstrel, end the English brig Sneameah hove in sight, and Captain Rowleld end the survivors of his crow were transhipped on board the Minstrel. At six p.m. they abandoned the Reindeer, and very soon afterwards she became completely enveloped in ilsence. Two of the victims were British subjects. The second estate, John U. Uenocn, was a native of Liverpool; and a seaman. Henry Frost Jones, was a native of Cardiff. Both of them were murdered in their berths; the bodies were loft on board and went down with the burning ship. 'Pie boat in which the pirato.c quitted the Reindeer has been found sit the lunch a leer cellos to the ooeetsvard of Malaga.
flUTED STATES.

The only exhibitors of cotton goods from the United States are Messrs.

Gardner, Brewer, and Co., of Boston Maeeaohueeete (96). The goods

shown are a very superior quality o? fine ehirtinge, which were cer

tainly not produced a few years ago in any part of the States. Mesa goods arrived very late, and have not been included in the awards of the jury, which they certainly ought to have been if in time for examination.

Having noticed, as far as the space at our disposal will admit, all

the countries which exhibit cotton goods worthy of special examina

tion, we must conclude with simply recording the interesting fact that the jury of close 18 has awarded three price medals to exhibitors of raw cotton grown in New South Wales, and the same number to exhibitors of the same material grown in Qnoeneland. One exhibitor in each colony is distinguished in the awards-Mr. 3. B. Newlan (41), New South Wales, and Mr. W. Cainicroes (18), isueeneland-as exhibiting II splondid cotton," and the others ae'being di "goo l and useful qualities." This is a distinct proof that the British colonies of the Southern Hemisphere can produce raw cotton which will satisfy the fastidious taste of an international jury of cottonmanufacturers, and this is saying a great deal, when the prejudice in favour of Ameoioau cotton, and, unfortunately, nothing but American oottem,.

is taken into account. -.
