A31]IRICA.

By the arrival of the steamer City of Washington we have teingreane from New York to the 11th met.

wAn NEWS.

There has been no movement on the Rappohanneck.

The Federal Colonel Cheserot reports that he had posted the emancipation proclamation on the walls of Winchester, Virginia, end mattered at among the farms. The proclamation was depopulating the region between the Rappabonnoak and the Fotomno of the staves owned there.

General Hunter, formerly superseded for his Abolitionism, he.ebem appointed to the command of the Department of the South.

General Bragg has been superseded in the oommand of the Canfederate force m Tonneeaee by General Lengatreet. The Confederates estimate their lees at Mnrfreesbero' at 0000.

On their retreat, after the unsuccessful attack on Vockebnrg, the Federal gun-boots proceeded up the Arkansas Rivor. On the 11th they assailed Arkansas peat, 100 miles up the stream. The peat was defended by 7000 men who, being attacked in front and roar, stirrendered unaonditienally, after a short and sharp struggle and a less of Oil lulled and wounded. The Federal less is reported at 200 hilled end wounded. General Sherman had been superseded by General M'Clornand, who was about to proceed up the White River.

Despatches from Springfield, Missouri, state that the Confederates were repulsed on their attack upon the ten, and retired, leanng a,. portion of their killed end wounded on the field.

Reports have been received of further depradatiena by the Alabama in the West Indies. She captured two vessels in Mona Passage, one of them, the Parker, of Boston, was destroyed; the other, the union, from Baltimore, was released. The cargo was net touched, being owned by Battioh subjects,

Gelveeten, the chief pert of Texas, has been retaken by the Confrueratea. On the lot tact. five Confederate steamers, armed With coos, protected by cotton bales, with troops on beard, attacked the Federal gun-beats and captured the gun-beat Harriet Lane. Hen oflieere end nearly all her crew had been killed by musketry. Two Federal gun-beats escaped. The Federals blew up their flagship, Commodore Bonohaw accidentally perishing on heard. The remainder

-

of the Federal fleet and troops returned to New Orleans. The Harriet Lens was strongly armed, and will be a valuable acquisition to the nearly extinct Confederate navy. The Confederates were commanded by General Mcqruder. He claims to have taken about 000 prisoners, end valuable stores, arms, do. Six Federal vessels have loft Noes Orleans to recapture the Harriet Lane and to destroy the Confederate gun-hef a at Bayou Buffalo, in Galveeten Bay.  -

The Confederates are said to have executed ton Federal olSoare in Arkansas, in retaliation for the aots of General M'Neil.

The LIifooo,,ef Whig states that the Federal officers captured at

Merfeerahoro' will be confined until General Butler be given up to the Confederate Government. -

This Louisiana State Capitol at Baton Rouge has been burnt, with all its contents. 'The perpetrators of this act or vandalism are unknown.

wsouneuruac. form; n- Republican members of the Sonata, formneg a clear

mojeeity of that body, leave presented a memorial to the Praaadent eaproacin" a want ef confidence in the Administration. They aeeerh thrl the Fresident is not aided by a Cabinet agreeing with him an political principles end general policy, and urge him to such ehanpoo to will eecure a unity of purpose and action. They also aderroitle hoe that it is unwise and motto to intrnst any eanpertau

nilit i:ey aporation to any ofirer 'a-ire is net a cordial aupparter of the Cevrarmeoit.
A. bill has been introduced in the House of Representatives for the enlistment of 150,000 negro troops. The resolution to lay the bill upon the table was defeated by 53 to 53.

Mr. Spaulding, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means n the Reuse of Representatives, has explained the financial situation of the Government. He said that the Government needed. immediately 150,000,000 dols. All the gold and savor in the banks of the loyal States was 87,000,000 dcls. Bonds could not be sold. 1117,000,000 dels. were required, in addition to the receipts from the customs and taxes, to carry on the Government until July, 1854. It is nececcary to borrow, in some form, 1,900,000 dole. every day, Sundais included, between this time and the lab of next July. Mr. Spaulding declared that the only hope of success in financial schemes depended upon military success. Congress has passed a bill for the issue of 100,000 000 dols. in legal-tendor notes. Tlio Mi ouli Eman

cpation A2 Bili, which proposed an appropriation of 10 as

I  '000,000dols.,

has been reported back by the Judiciary Committee, with a recom

mendation that it be increased to 20,000,000 dole.

can. nsvre'e ymsssasi.

president Davis's Message has been sent in to the Confederate Congress. He complains

that the European Powers declared neutrality without acknowledging the sovereignty of the seceded States; thus injuring the South, and Prolonging the war by admitting the doctrine that the Federal Government had a right to coerce the seceded States. If these States were independent, the refusal to

 :itertsin the Enme international intercourse with them as with the lortil was just, no matter what may have been the motive prompting it. Ho dees net cemlilsia of any treaty being concluded between the United States and Europe for the abolishment of priv steering, although the prohibition to either bslligcrmt to dispose of its pi iase in European ports operated with intense severity against the South, by depriving her of the only means of maintaining, with some approach to equality, a struggle on the ocean.

ifs declares the anxiety at the South for peace, but says that its detestjninatisc against submission is unalterable, He denounces the conduct of the Union armies as atrocious and cruel. Referring to Mr. Lincoln's emancipation treclennstion, be says he may well leave it to the instincts of the coannon enmanity of men of all countries to pass judgment upon a measure by much millions of hnnmcn beings of inferior race, peaceful and contented labonccrs in their sphere, are deemed to extermination, while they are encouraged to cconinit assassination by an insidious recommendation to abstain from -violence unless in self-defence. Commissioned Federal ofilcers atseaspting to execute the proclamation will, if captured, be delivered to the State aathorl. ties to he dealt with according to the State laws for the penishment of criminals exciting insurrection.

2cscEnrAoncoue.

General Butler has received a cordial reception in Beaten, and expounded his plan there for making France and England pay the interest on the United States' national debt by means of an export duty on cotton.

In isveral counties of Eastern Maryland the slaves, though not 4feetsd by Mr. Lincoln's proclamation, refuse to work without wages.

A Democratic United States' senator has been elected by the

Pennsylvanian Legislature by a majority of two votes over Mr.

Cameron, the ex-Secretary of War and Minister to Russia. In Now Jersey the Democratic Legislature have sent to the Federal Sonata pelcnsl J. Vt. Wail, who was sent to Fort Lafayetta by Mr. Simon ,Csweran a few months ago.

On the 10th inst. Dr. Lyman Bsechcr died in Brooklyn, at the advencsd age of eighty-seven years and three months. He left thirteen children surviving him, of whom hire. Harriet Bcoeher Stcwc, the Tier. Henry Ward Dceeher, Dr. Edward Beecher, and Miss Catherine Lccchcr are best known to fame. Forty years ago he took a premine at pelt in combating the advance of llnitarianiam in Maeraehuesets, and waS one o the ablest opponents of the late Dr. .Claonirg.

Mr. Ge ergo Francis Lain has narrowly escaped being lynched at Jcassville, Wisconsin. The telegram does net state the roason for this manifestation of popular displeasure, but it probably arose from Mr. 'Train's dtnonciation of the emancipation proclamation and the nrgre race,

TI e premium on gold reached 50 on the 15th. On the 10th it had fallen to 4731.

CALIFORNIA.

On the 8th the California section of the Great PaciSm Railroad was commenced at Sacramento, the State capitol. Governor Stanford .prcsfded, and turned the firs' sod. Both branches of the Leielatarc adjourned in honour of tho occasion, which dccv; togcthor a large ecnicnrca of spectators from all parts of the State. Tha day was leapt as a holiday in Sacramento.
tttlt((ti in III1( flltr'fll)TfllP 7(1 Il11!171(''( (](1(  K

The United States' Government has appointed Mr. Emery

tCintcc1c to be Coridar Agnit fur that Ru'pnbth at Bradford, and tim th olud Tcnn Council havc pmcd a rem)utioo formally rcconiing him iii tl:al car achy, in aocoiiaiict c!tli a rcqua;t coutainod in a letter fromtho home
Mr. 1' S fliylor, 1vi.i', mrt his constituents on the DA-111 iust lIe reviewed the cia cures and the iroposids of the lest Session ol Parliament, reed then wcnt en to spcsk as cour.o Pi:gth on she American question. Ifs ernie eded that time war had originated in slavery, that the North wee latent as, Ices' uuirg 'avery, sued that, in fetch., I ho contest was one between freedom and slavsce.A mete of confidence in the hen gentleman was passed
.p  1.¥

A tninrt-lcokthg icrew-sterirner, the Georgiana, arrived at

ilolyhead liens Liverpool icr a siq ply cl coals on the 2rci inst. The craft is a Undue to the wellitnown Slat sew, and laslen with arms and arnesonitica. the line a new of ebsty persons, all picked melt; they are bearded, and mat fesscicue-]ectirg eta-dupe. bho has also a large quantity of toe and other ncccoerics on board for the Sletetea, intl carries twenty-eight guns. It is staled thut she otcaono sixteen miles on hone, eat&.s bound for Nassau, losa ccciv listing rimed articles for that port, osid will probably run the blockade to chorlesten. She kit Ileiyhcad on the Ftih.-ft'cemws's Joanztsf.
- LONDON: SATURDAY, TANITARY 31,1863.

Wn bavo to record another diplomatic incident in the history of the American War. The Emperor of the French has caused a despatch of importance to be sent by his Foreign Minister to It!. Mercier, who repesents France at Washington. It has been called "officious" by the French journals, and it remains to be seen in which of the two senses attaching to the word the Americans will interpret the interference-" officious" implying, according to their own Noah Webster, "kind and obliging," and also "intermeddling in affairs with which one has no concern." Certainly, so far as externals go, there is nothing in the despatch of N. Dronyn de Lhuys to offend the most sensitive nation in the world. The Emperor does not offer mediation, he does not even offer to interfere ; but he dwells upon his friendship for the United States-upon: the pain he feels in witnessing the raging war; declares tat he takes all susceptibilities into account, and merely makes suggestions for a negotiation. He does not ask that the war may be discontinued while such negotiation is is progress. On the contrary, he reminds the North that solthern may go on lighting 'while civilians are debating, and. that the
cessation of strife may be contemporaneous with the adjustmerit of terms. But lie urges that conferences might be advantageously held between the belligerents, who, instead of mutually accusing one another, might discuss the questions which separate them. This, lie represents, would involve no humiliation, would exclude the idea of alien pressure of any hind, and would simply be a practical investigation into reciprocal grievances..

If the Emperor had to do anything, it is difficult to say that he could have done less or put his points more graciously. There has not been time to hear how- the despatch (a copy of which was to be left with Mr. Seward, if desired, according to usage) has been received in America, and it is very hard to speculate upon the course which the strangely-constituted mass called-the American people will take upon any given subject. The American organs here are uninstructed, and are of course fumbling in the dark while compelled to say something; but, nat knowing what to say that may not be repudiated by the next mail, their trumpets give a very uncertain sound, for they themselves know-not whether to blow the signal for battle. But, on the whole, it appears to bethought that-the proposal of the Emperor will be declined, partly on a ground. to which his Majesty himself adverts, and partly on a plea which, obstinate and pedantic as it is, represents an idea that is not altogether to be:treated with disrespect. The ground alluded to by the Emperor is the hope and belief of the North that it is conquering the South, or will be able to do so. His Majesty is too courteous to point out the futility of this notion, or to represent that the North; having been . beaten in nearly every important engagement; and its armies at this moment recoiling from two disastrous attempts upon the principal strongholds of the South, the signs of the war cannot be read favourably for the Federals, even by the most resolute of their prophets. He passes this by, and he also abstains from dwelling upon the second difficulty. The North declares the Confederates to be "rebels," and is enraged at Europe's recognising them as belligerents; and as the doing this must be the first step towards a pacific conference it does not scene very probable that Mr. Lincoln or his Cabinet (two distinct agencies, as the President is unceremoniously told by some of his subjects) will venture upon a measure much more rational than popular. So that although, as we have said, anything like prediction as to the course of the American people would be very hazardous, there does net seem to be any great likelihood of the olive-branch appearing in a French hand.
We have also to hear what the South has to, say. President Davis has been again addressing his people, and his tone is, as usual, temperate but resolute. He complains that the European Powers have refused, to recognise privateering, and thereby have prevented the Confederates from availing themselves of the results of their naval prowess, and he affects to regard this step as a sort of declaration against the South. But he points with justifiable exultation to the successes of the Confederates, and adds that their enemies are now feeling the pressure and hardship which the Slave States have borne so bravely. His note is naturally one of continued defiance. Supposing that Washington should be moved by the representations of the Emperorand we may here observe that some of the Northern journals think that it would not disgrace the Federals to be the first to suggest proposals.-it is perfectly certain that in the present temper of the South the very first demand upon the subject of slavery would be one that would set the still powerful Abolitionist party in a red flame. The slaves of the States in revolt are as free as a piece 'ïf paper can make them, and it is said that a great number of Virginian slaves have actually availed themselves of the notification of New-Year's Day. At all events, some three millions and a half of slaves have been proclaimed free men. The very first article to be submitted to Conference by the South must run in this way :-" The proclamation to be rescinded, the negroes to be formally restored to slavery, and all blacks who may have availed themselves of the decree to be given up to the authorities of their respective States." Will the Abolitionists bear that? For assuredly nothing less will satisfy the victorious Confederates; and, unless

the Washington plenipotentiaries-i± such persons can exist

enter the Conference-room unprepared to assent to this article they had better stay at home, it may be that the South would concede a good deal in return for this article, and for a second which should reaffirm the desirability of slavery and re-enact it for the Confederate States ; for it would be absurd to suppose that the "Chivalry" are not as tired of the fratricidal war as the "Yankees ;" but is it possible for the Abolition party to concede this stultification of themselves, this retraetat'ion of all that they have been so clamorously saying for the last eleven months?

Finally, we may observe that, with recent successes and even in the face of the disaster at Murfreesboro', the tone of the South has become firmer and firmer, and it is even more emphatic than ever in its exultation at the prospect of being freed from the yoke of what it calls the greedy, hard, usurious Yankee. In a word, the South is bent upon the experiment of standing alone, and it is impossible to refuse to it the right of trying that experiment. If the Conference can act upon the principle of separation, it is, of course, the natural method of terminating a hideous strife; but, if not, we fear that the Imperial suggestions are not worth the paper on which they are written; unless, as is not impossible, they may be intended for rejection, and this rejection may be intended to be regarded as a vindication of another step of a different nature.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

TIM noaca.esnsrswr OF raBDEnzOKlBuBa.

Tens act of the Federals which took place on the 11th of December last, began the late hostilities on the Bappahasmook which continued for five days-and ended, 55 our readers ore aware, in a decisive victory for the Confederates, At the time chosen by our Special Artist for making the accompanying Illustration (on page 116) the Federals had over 160 gone directed on the town from the heights on the opposite side of the river; and it was under cover of this tremendous cannonade that their troops commenced crossing by three pontoons. Their dense masses can be seen in the distance winding down to the

river. The town is on fire in various places from the shelling, but 300 leiiueiesiupisne still hold their ground as sharpshooters on the Confederate tank, annoyipg the heads of the columns as they appear on the bridges. General Lee's plan, however, as is now well known, was to let the enemy cress end attack him in the strong position m which he had ensconced his forces. The infantry moving along the road in the foreground are proceeding to rifle-pots an front of the battery seen on the hill on the left, which was the first of the Confederate defences and held by Colonel Walter's Washington artillery-of which position more anon.

floornflor no 'run nkorcae OF rnsinzncoaanuna.-rzzl SACK ON oexani's nina.

The attempt of the Federals to carry the first of the Confederate

¥litions on their right-the battery of the Washington BatbaM on.

.Hill, commanded by Colonel Walton-was, as our readers are aware, totally unsuccessful, end most disastrous to then. Immense messes were hurled otintervals on the lull and works, shown m our Illustration; but at each attack they were driven back with cmmenso loss. "From the point where I steed, with Generele Lee and Longstrost," says onrSpecial Artist, writing from the Confederate eamp, "I could see the grape, shall, and canister from the guns of tics Washington artillery mow great avenues in the Masses of Federal troopa roehing to tile aseault, while the infantry, posted behind a breastwork just under the battery, decimated the nearest columns of the enemy. In the distance, Franklin's corps is seen deploying into line of battle on the Federal left. They have some field-batteries thrown forwards shelling the Confederate positions on the wooded range of hills. A portion of Fred criokeburg is seen in the rear of the attacking forces, and beyond is the range of heights on the opposite aide of the river from which the Northerners have heavy guns playing on Merys's Hill to cover the sdvonce of their men. Numbers of their shell ore bursting over the Confederate soldiers in the breastwork. It was here General Cobb was killed, and it is his brigade acting as sharpshooters. At the back of this hill a South Carolinian had a portion of his heed carried away within four yards of myself by a shell from the heights alluded to above. After the battle, I counted (160 dead lying on a small plot of ground, scarcely four cores in extent, at the foot of the hill shown in the Illustration; and, alto-

 fth 1493 were buried between the hill and the town. Eight aiflderre'd were buried on that pat of the field occupied by Franklin. These were all Federals. This makes the Northern dead on the right end left amount to 2293. The Felerels, besides this, buried many within their own lines on the night of the battle."

The Southern correspondent of the Timre in his letter from Richmond, written shortly after the battle of I'hedcriokeburg, has some remarks on the important post at Maryo'e Hill, and of the dreadful slaughter of the assaulting troops, to whose bravery he bears no niggard testimony. Ho says -"Dy far the most important position was occupied by the Washington artillery, commanded by Colonel Wslton, of New Orleans, and posted on the heights in tho immediate neighbourhood of Froderiokeburg, not more than 400 yards from the town. These heights, which are precisely of that altitude which is most favourable for the play of artillery, are surmounted by a brick house, now riddled by round shot, belonging to Mr. Marye, and are commonly called Marye's Heights, At their base a road winds, protected on one side by the lime end on the other by a solid steno wall, about four feet m height, over which a brigade of Confederates, themselves perfectly sheltered, poured the deadliest and most effective of fires . . . . The battle wliichhad dashed furiously against the lines of Generals Hood, A. F. Hill, and Early, was little more than child'splay as compared with the onslaught directed by the Federole in the iinmediate neighbourhood of Frsdsricksburg. The impression that the Confederate batteries would not fire heavily upon the Federals advancing in this quarter, for fear of injuring the town of Frcderiekehurg, is believed to have prevailed among the Northern Generals. How bitterly they deceived themselves subsequent events served to show. To the Irish division, commanded by General Meagher, was principally oomzmtted the desperate task of bursting out of the town of Fredeosolcshurg and forming under the withering firs of the Cmfederate batteries, to attack iderys's Heights, lowering immediately m their front. Never at Fonteney, at Alhnera, or at Waterloo was more undoubted courage displayed by the eons of Em than during those six frantic dashes which they directed against the almost impregnable position of their fee. That any mcrtsl men could have carried the position before which they were wantonly ascrifloed defended as it was, it seems to me idle for a moment to believe; bce the bodies wluoh he in dense manes within forty yards of them uzzles of Colonel Walton'e guns are the best evidence what manner of men they were who pressed on to death with the dauntlessness of a race which lies gamed glory on a thousand battle-fields, and never more richly deserved it than at the fort of lsfsrye's Heights an the 13th day of December, 1862."

The same correspondent, in a subsequent letter written on Dec. 20,

thus returns to the subject of the lose of life resulting from the attack

on Murys's Hill:-"A glance at the long slope between the town of Fredercckshurg and the foot of Msrye's Heights gave the best idea of the magnitude of the tell which had been exacted for the Federals' passage of the Bappshanneak. A ride along the whole length of the lines told also a sad tale of slaughter; but when the eye had once rested upon the fatal slope above mentioned the memory became fried upon the spot, not for fifty-years to come will that scene ever fade from the memory of those who saw it. There, in every attitude of death, lying so close to each other that you might step from body to body, lay acres of the Fedsi.ol deed. It seemed that moat of the faces which lay nearest to Colonel Walton's artillery were of the.well-known Ittilesuan type. In one small garden, net more than half an acre in sire, there were 151 corpses. I doubt whether in any battle-field of modern times the dead have ever loin so thick and close. Dy universal consent of those who have seen all the great bottles of this war nothing like it has ever been seen before."
General Tom Thumb is about, for the tenth time, if pulls are to be believed, to be married. Mr. Barnum has announced to the public of New York that the future bride of the famous honnincdsos is Miss Lainia Warren, twenty-one inches high, and gran¥lthmghtor of General Warren, who was killed at the battle of Bunker's Bill! As the diminutive couple can in future only be exhibited to "the crowned heads of Europe," the beneficent Barnum efface the New Yorkers a final opportunity of attending the General's levdee at the American Museum, and at the small charge of twenty-dye cents a head
AFRICA.

By the arrival of the steamer City of Baltimore we have Now York

journals to the 24th elI.

WAR OZ1VO.

General Borroido, on the 29th nit., issued the following address to

his army, preparatory to another assault on the heights beyond

Frederickeharg

The commanding Cmoral announces to the Army of the Potomac that

they are about to moot the enemy once more,

The late brilliant actions in North Carolina, Teonosooo, and Arlmniso

divided and irrakoard the enemy on the Itoppahaneorh; end tin auspiotmIn moment ammm to have arrived to airier a great and mortal blow at the rebelIon, arid to gate that doclaivo victory whIch to duo to alto country.

Lot the gallant otilcAr of or mamy brilllgtt battle-fields accomplish tots
schieveeneot, and a fame the meet glorious awaits them. The commanding General calls for e firm and milieu adieu of off cers and men; and, under the pee-eldenm of 00,1, the army of the Pal-mar will have Online thogowat steen rewards restoring pence to the country and the Government to joe rightful A furious storm of rain impeded the promised advenne of the army, but a statement received from the South announces that General Hooker had crossed the Rappahenneok. The elate of the Federal army, which is reported to amount to 135,000 men, inclusive of the reserves under General Siegel, is unsatisfactory. The men lank their old enthusiasm and self-confidence, are dissatisfied at not rsooivinsr their pay, and openly express their went of conddenoe' in General e Burnotde. f On the 15th a small float left New York for some point South. Itcontained two new irenolade, built by Mr. Rnieoenn These veaaols, ¥ the Nahcnt and Weehawken, srloved safely in the Chesapeake after a boisterous sea passage. The Confederate authorities have ordered that Federal officers captured after Jan. 12 shell be delivered up to the Go-corners of the States Staten where captured. General Roileck has ordered that no snore Confederate officers shall be released on parole. o The Federal steamer Columbia ran ashore at Mesenherouglo Inlet,. North Carolina, and her commander and crew surrendered to the, Confederates. In the West the Federal hospital authorities report that their total lose at Muefreesboro' was 10,287 an killed, wounded, and missing. The Federal gun-heats continue their career of success to Lrkansao. They have penetrated 300 miles up the White River, and have cap four four more posts thereon. On the 10th ult. a body of Confederates attacked the Federal relief a and atom ships proceeding up the Cumberland River in Tennessee, end succeeded in capturing five steam-heats laden with valuable seenniosary stores and the gun-beat Slideli. The negro wows were stripped of their clothing, toed to trees, oewloidsd, and left to starve 0 on shore. w,tsiOncsOTOOe. The House of Representatives has rejected all that portion of Mr. Chase's financial project which relates to the substitution of a uniform

 o Federal currency for the present local bank ciroictatien,

The President, after signing the bill for the emission of 100,800,000 dole. in Treasury notes for the payment of the army inst navy, sent a message to Congress begging it to pass Mr. 'Chase's financial schemes into law. The mesongs was resented by the Senate 555 an attempt at dictation. ' -

A. series of resolutions have been introduced in the Senate by a

- California senator denouncing the French occupation of Mexico as a violation of intornatinnsl law ended the London Treatyof October 1881, and requesting President Lincoln to negotiate a treaty with lt?erioo, in order to give more effect to the 'news expressed in these resolutions. The New York papers, while approving of the spirit of these rseelsations, concor in considering them s.ll-timed and impracticable.

The osrreependsnoe between the Mexican Minister at Washington and Mr. Seward has on pub hshsd. The former complains of thin unthecked shipment of gone and mules from New York on French socount. Mr. Beward',wag defence is that, as there has been no deolarattan of war between France and Mexico, the dories of neutrals do not attach to such a state of things. The Mexioan Minister next complains that his side is not allowed- to export arms from New York. Mr. Sswsrd explains that this embargo results from a municipal 1w which forbids the export of arms from the United States at this crisis. The Mexican Minister charges the American Government with cringing to France.

The Washington Xo/ionoi Isitriligrorsr publishes sight columns of

s intercepted Confederate despatches, being letters of inetrscntisu to

I Messrs. Mason end Slidsll, and other Confederate agents in 1iurops -

The most important part of the correspondence relates to a movement

on the part of the French Consuls at Galveston and Richmond to

induce Texas to secede from the Southern Confederacy and establish

I an independent Government, The result of this disoovrty was an

5 order to General Magrudor to send the Consul at Galvoston to Mexico-as seen as possible, and the Richmond Consul to bays forthwith. The order, however, with regard to the latter was rescinded.' It

5 further appears that Mr. Mason was offended by the uncivil deportment of Earl Russell. The Confederate Secretary of State composites of the arrogance of many British statesmen as me cause why Ifnglascsi. is so little loved, and contrasts the unpo'.itenoss of Earl Russell with the courtesy of M. Thouvenel.

lnsclctnaiesOvs.  -

The inaugural address of the Governor of Delaware expresses' strong Union and Emancipation sentiments, and favours a worOils

-

prosecution of the war. The message of the Governor of New .l'srssy is still more hostile to the Administration and Emancipation than was the message of Governor Seymour, of New York.

The toss of the Northern mind is more nervous and desponding' than at anytime store the commencement of the war. Ths Demseratim

- hostility to the emancipation policy is daily malting itself more ttsnble-some. The tendsnoy to mob violence is increasing. The Now York

- Legislature has been unable to organise. The candidate of the Ropublican party for the office of Spesker has been threatened with assassination on the floor of the Rouse by members of the Demoeratio -

- party. A mob of "rowdies" from New York city have, been present in the galleries and on the floor of the Mouse, The Senate has requested Governor Seymour to call out the militia to protsot the,

-

Aosembly from the terrorism of the mob; but the Governor refuses to set against the most active spirits of his party. Similar sesnes have token pines at Trenton and Harrisburg, the oapstals of New

Jersey and Pennsylvania.

Gold had advanced to 50 premium.
-. A meeting was bald at Rochdale, on the Brd inst., for the

purpose of voting the thinks of the inhabitants of that borough to the American eneachante and people far the provisions they have sent for the unemployed Lancashire operatives. Mr. Bright addressed the meeting an a speech which 'was devoted to the subject of the war in America, and to the duty of Britain 'with regard to that stroggle. The hen, gentleman was warmly received.

Negro emancipation meetings have been recently held at

Bradford, Stread, Bury, 0, and other towns, at which ressleatiuns expressive of sympathy and approval of the anti-slavery policy of the Federals have been enthusiestieelly carried. At Bradfard more than 4000 persons were present. A reeelutloe was passed at the Bury meeting tendering thanks for the contribution from the Northern Staten for the relief eftheLaneaeloiee distress.
r'.

The message of the President of the RepalJic of L[bcritt

(irir. S. A. Benson), received by the last African mail, given a satisfactory account of the progress and prospects of that country. The President detail

the circumstances of his recent virit to England, and speaks in gratof ci tenn5 of the reception accorded to bins, and of the disposition officially manifested to promote a satisfactory adjustment of boundary and all other questions in which England, from her position on the African coast, is relatively interested with Liberia. Great vigilance continues to be exercised by the Liberian Government to frustrate the slave trade in the neighbouring territories, and often with coneidareble success. The people are paying Increase, attont.on to CIsc profits Isle cultivation of the soil, and the production of cotton, sugar, and other ertl,Jea it likcly to increase. Within the last twelve months the sugar-oiilln he 'o been Imported. Iron and cod deposits exist, which it is hoped mar soon be tssrrad to account. A conviction in expressed that the war in the Unitei Plates will cases an immense voluntary efflux of the coloured papul=01;

that country to Liberia, Reel thin vices in urged on a stimulus to all Ll tel ,:cell an example of Industry no thou render the Republic increasingly I ,rcfcth] ace place of retiree. The notice obtained by the contribution of ljbciin to the International Exhibition idlikewise alluded ta'witlsgratificatioi.
-- ZQOil: $AfL!UF.D4Y, FEBRUARY 7, 1868.

WBATLVEIe light may be thrown upon the foreign relations of

America by the debates which have recommenced at Westminster, it is certain that the state of the war and the domestic politics of the so-called Union are involved in a hare which at once obscures and distorts the objects it envelops. At this moment the American journals which are supposed to have the best means of procuring information can tell us neither what is being done nor what is wished. It is true that each of the leading papers-cteci cajco-is in a manner wedded to a party. When such is the care in England, and when such used to be the ease in France, the utterances of party orgaun were at least frank and intelligible, let them be worth what they might as exponents of truth. But even the party .organs in Fecleralin seem afraid of the crisis, of one another, :and of themselves, and anything more helplessly selfcontradictory than the united evidence of the American press upon the present condition of affairs can hardly be conceived. There seems only one point upon which they are agreed, although they express their conviction, of course, with more or less reticence, and that is, that the President of the North is a mistake. A ccrtain amount of credit is given to him for being

¥a well-meaning man, but such saving clauses are always fol

lowed by an array of proof that all his well-meanings lead to

bad ends. The Democrats are naturally the most unsparing in their strictures on Mr. Lincoln. They do not actually invite bins to lay down his authority and subside into the country, :attorney, but they endeavour to impress upon the public -that, unless he does pretty much the same thing-namely, abandons all his plans and all his Cabinet-the nation will be ruined. The Abolitionists are bound to praise his proclamation ; but they regard it as a Znatsene fse2-rnaa until the war shall be carried on in a way which they evidently -consider him unable to point out, or even superintend; and, indeed, the 24-i bune seems inclined to give up the game, and proposes that the North shall "bow to malignant fate "if another three months' sharp fighting (again ninety days) shall not have suppreFsed the Confederates.

We do not yet hear how the Imperial Message recommending a conference has been received. But his Majesty's declaration that he proposes to stop the undue extension of Anglo-Saxon dominion in America has given great offence, although circumstances will scarcely permit the Federals to display the anger they feel. We do not attach much weight to a demonstration which has been made on the subject in Congress. It is not to be expected that the North will fly in the face of their former idol and compel him to a recognition for which they believe him to be only too ready. The celebrated Mexican despatch does not come formally under the notice of Mr. Seward, and he will hardly volunteer to take it up; and he may urge that it concerns the South even more than the North. We sh1 be surprised if this despatch, which

in other days would have been answered by a riotous demon-stration of defiance, will prevent Mr. Seward from returning a very polite answer to the conference proposal. We may also risk the expression of our belief that unless that answer be a direct acceptance of the scheme-an event hardly within probability-it will not very much disturb the present plan of

the Emperor of the French. - - - -
It is generally believed that the army of the Potomac, under Burnside, is once more to be launched against the Confederates. We have heard of marchings and countermatchings, bet we finally read an almost piteous appeal from the Commander-in- Chief urging his soldiery to do sothething for the honour of the Union. It is scarcely fair to put the matter in this way, and, unless we are misinformed, the army itself sees the unfairness, as well as something else, which it does not hesitate to talk about. The Federals have gone to the slaighter *ith &oˆrage that makes it shocking to see hew badly they axe hnd1ed by their leaders. Such men under a Wellington or a Clyde would have had another story to tell than one of incessant disaster and defeat. And the courage of the poor foolish hirelings, especially the Irish, who dashed themselves almost upon the guns that blew them away, is undeniable. But the army an have no confidence in such leadership as it has hitherto had, end without confidence in its chiefs an army is a mob. If it be tree that the soldiers of the Potomac are once more to be brought up to the defences of the Confederates, instead of being led in a way that offers reasonable hope of success, we see not hew such wanton waste of life is to be justified in the face of civilisation.

Meantime we are told that the North is really advancing to victory, for, though defeated in every pitched battle save one, the result of which was only lass disastrous than defeat, it is forcing its way in upon the Confederate territory at various
points other than in Virginia, and that its attacks are tailing upon the resources of the enemy. It is easy to say this, and it may be consolatory to those who are prompt to accept such assurances. But where is the proof? Doubtless New Orleans is in the hands of the Federals (who have done some good there, by-the-way, in compensation for much evil); but the possession of the Crescent City has rather relieved the South of a troublesome and dangerous post than injured the cause of the Confederates. And we know not what else there is to point at as a triumph. On the river the Foderals have notoriously failed, and it is thought that the latest failure is still being kept back from the knowledge of the public' But were twenty "points" made, the sole use of such occupation is to serve as a basis for operations, and it is mere child's play to talk of gain when such gain amounts to nothing but the holding an isolated spot, whence no practical movement can he made. We in England have had, unhappily, too much acquaintance with the real meaning of war to be deceived by the nonsense which passes muster among those who are profoundly ignorant of the true objects and nature of warfare, though they are singularly prompt at picking up its technicalities. We judge dispassionately, and we are unable to perceive that the war is really making any progress at all, or that the vaunted successes are more than a series of tentatives, more resembling exploration than military achievement. Furthermore, at the risk of offence, we must say that we believe the American public to be hopelessly is. the dark as to the campaign; end that, if it were possible for their vanity to study the strife through the English newspapers, there would coon be a demonstration of a very different kind from that of any which has yet been reported. Yes, we say it frankly- but without the least intention of wounding sensitive Americans-the fact is, that the boasted press of the North has proved hollow and rotten in the hour of trial, and when the English press best vindicates its claims to the respect end confidence of the people. The Americans have been content with "smart S' journals, and the cad of all is that the Union is left at the mercy of ignorance and of dishonesty. May a better

¥state of things arise out of the present dismal chaos
