ILLUSTll.TIONS OP THE WAR IN AMERICA.

GEMBRAL SEE1tMAT.

Trn capture of Atlanta in October last, followed by the march across Georgia to the seacoast, and recently, by the capture of Savannah, has made General Sherman one of the most notable officers in the Federal army. We give a Portrit ,,of him and, on the next pate, a Map of his route from Atlanta to Savannah. William T. Sherman' was born in Ohio, in the year l8I8. He entered, when young, the United States Military Academy at West Point, where he graduated in the same class with General Thomas and then obtained his Ensign's cornmission. He was promoted to a lieutenancy in 1841; and his conduct during the Mexican war in California won hire the rank of Captain. Upon the outbreak of the civil war in 1861, he had a fresh opportunity of active service, being appointed Colonel of the 18th Regiment of infantry, which he commanded at the Battle of Bull Bun. Re was soon afterwards raised to the rank of Brigadier-General and sueceeded General Anderson in command of the department of Ohio, from which, bowever, he was removed because of a difference of opinion between himself and the War Department as to the amount of forces required in the Western States. At the Battle of Shuloh he took so prominent a part that General Halleck reported the victory to be mainly due to Sherman. He was therefore promoted to 'be

• Major-General and intrusted with

IN

4the command of the fifth division of 3iWW  with which

he was engaged in the siege of Vicksburg. During the last

I twelvemouth General Sherman has performed those important operations in the States of Tennessee and Georgia which have made his reputation second to none in the military service of the Federal Government,
GZflL&L Ha.&rs ]fABCB raovi awau.

The map of Ge Shernsa roete from AUant to 8ana

which is on this page. requires but litic ezpanetkn. It

will be percekve4 that the esrtzsl region of the State of Georgia, an

ephead ce'e*try. opsa sr4 l-watered Mtile of wheat, cotton, and

Indian crr, is traversed by two railroads, hose south-east to north

wost. converging at Atlanta, but running for sores diatanoe parallel t4 each other, east *anrbrg the thief uk of railway Connection between Visgia sad the Staten of Abebsaa and Mhait, now the of the Confederacy. One of these railroads is the

Genrgia Oea*r*i, running from Saranash Z N= 190 neihe, thence to tta, by the m nnt Wege Bathoa1, 101 re ershiag the total mace fm aeanash to Mleata. by albuM relies. The ot Is the Georgia E.ilroad running tram Azogrets to at fr forty to sixty mike north of the Georgia Oentxsl

ngthedistaaceto Ae hum Augusta 171 usiles.

The pke of General Sberneszfs reawh c enr*tM the coring of

two lines of x road, talr eouneqaent dsstrte*icr end a are

of his fosoes at or beyned gavflte, wIth  h*tth*'s

here well disposed in froat real vlgilaaUy_co,erflg b

Inek. The eat end route of No infantry  w *e so well

firat to teat, the  y were in tM Ignorance of

the trosition of his resin body end only ouned the ta*th

of 1 inf*utry othaine after they had Wt th* vigilesat fees

am miles to the not. This strategic deaep&re wes aided by 16 ie*asI uçzo.th to ]tesca With the cavahy of his AgEt WWC which onapheely oecapisd the atthttL. of the tsdseare Gexisuni O whese ocllied at that uelat.

the rely feroes fenn which Genexel rererea couM expeâ any

 eppositien. It wre __ the 19th ci Novhex that the right wing of

the P'edreul ex-y, se Oenwl Eed moved eat how MA bsgsa liarexiath, soodroroa *5 the Wy to and

*eatteaai*avehy ed the

14th of ceber, the Pedesal Wa wtn andes Gnnw1 oozan, set frees reovthx almost eedy w through

Owbighm end Oxfrad to I(aca  thxixe turning s*hward

to the rendezvous at Milledgeville. On the same day General Sherman himself, with his own Stafl, took the road to Macon, so as to come up with General Howard. The crossing of the River Onmulgee was the first step which indicated that be would pare by Yawn without attacking that town; and if the Confederates had been aware of this intention, they might have been prepared to interrupt his passage here but on that very, day. Nov. 20, the federal cavalry were at Griawoidville, only eight miles from Macon, cutting up the railroad end telegraph, burning a foundry, and doing oilier raJaclifof. Hence the Georgia militia, under Cobb and Pliifllps, were induced to stand on the defensive at Macon; and it was not until the 22nd, when Sherman was already at Milledgeville, that they made an assault upon his rear-guard, which was merely a

frr without result, though it cost them 600 killed and wounded.

The right and left wings of the Federal army, having destroyed the railroads end the puhilo buildings of every town through which they passed, vesi to the Methodist college at Oxford, with its fine ltlmxy sad muse a, came to a junction at Mifledgeville, and resnahsed three days in that city, where the State Legislature had been holding tie session a few days before. On the 24th General Sherman left Ml]ledgev}fle, _dioir viding his army as before; and it marched, by the rorr shown in =map for each wing respectively, to Milieu, a

 oe ci seventy-five miles, in eight days, obtaining vast quantities of forage and mr cattt especially In the neighbourhood of By arta, in Hancock County. The active movements of the cavalry, under mtrlcI contributed greatly to deceive the enemy as to the position of ree secresai army. It was necessary to conceal the real direction of the mardi; x had Wheeler, who commended the Confederates in this district, known in time that Augusta was certainly to be

aveided, the mre force there could have been sent down to Milieu

and, being thus thrown in Sherman's front,. would have resisted

or_delayed hIs march upon Savannah, and supplied in the end a

RIM)5 addition to the garrison of that place. Kilpatrick, the izeasi Wheeler more vigorousLy Wan ever, and the latter I MI back towards Augusta, which put him out of Sherman's way most

effiectuan

agmn les'rmg him in the rear of the very army whose advance was endeavouring to remit. The remainder of Sherman's

march was from Milieu to Savannah, a distance of seventy-nine miles. By the 10th of December he had arrived within five milet of that city, but, with sound military judgment, he made preparations at once, not for an assault upon Savannah, but for the capture of Fort M'Ailister, thereby opening the Ogeechee River, communicating with the fleet, and making a water base on that river at any point h chose, directly in the rear of Savannah; and. also cutting o1 all communication between Savannah and the southern part o the State, vift the Savannah, Albany, and Gulf flailroad, which has heretofore been an important avenue of supplies to the rebels, from the vast numbers of beef-cattle from Florida transported over it. Accordingly, a division of troops from the 14th Corps, iinte General Hare; was sent down on the 18th, and the fort was gallantlY carried by aessaull, with its entire garrison and stores. This rendered the situation of the army perfectly secure. The lines were acrosstrotaea

s the peninsula in the rear of Savannah, the left resting fedy

OIL the Savannah River, about three miles above the city, and the

extreme it on the Ogeechee river, at Kingsbridge. Having cut °f all the r' cads leading to Savannah and obtained command of the Savannah and Ogeechee rivers, he had made it impossible for Genernl Hardee to hold the city, which was consequently abandoned by the Confederate General an taken possession o by heriiM1 in time to present it to Mr. Lincoln "as a Christmasbox."

BRIDEZYOVI O' MOSBY'S MEN IN TE PASS OF TB BLUE RIDGE, SHENAEBOAR VALLEY.

Our Special Artist and Correspondent now at the head.qusXt'

General e, In Virginia, has sent us a sketch  a night

scene which he lately witnessed in his excursion up the Shenandbli Valley-the rendezvous of Colonel Mosby's cogs of irregular caM In a pass of the Blue Ridge Mountains. But we may leave OUT Correspondent to describe this subject himself miring m3&0 visit to the valley of the Shenandoah with Kerehaw'B division, u fortunate enough to fall in with Mosbyandaparty of his LamUTS band. Though I found it extremely difficult to meet with lid' renowned partisan chieftain, there are those amongst the yed

who find him when they least expect and much less desire it. 100
readers, no doubt, have frequently read paragraphs from the American war news mentioning that Moeby had made another swoop from the mountains of the Blue Ridge, capturing a Yankee 811 train and its escort. To my mind he is the most astonishing guerrilla leader in the Confederacy; and the tales one hears of him sound more like the romance of war then the reality; but when it is considered how few men be usually attacks with, his achievements are perfectly mar

vellous. With comparatively a handful, of troopers, he does not

hesitate to dash on a tram of two or three hundred waggons, fighting and dispersing a guard four or five tunes his number, and appropriating to the use of the Confederacy the supplies and transportation intended for Sheridan's army. At other tunes he will fly at much higher game, piercing the centre of a large column on the march, and before either the van or rear are aware of the canes of the momentary tumult, he will be fiyin to the mountains with a goodly number of prisoners. It is impossible to describe the tenor that he excites aitiongat the Federal-; and whenever a party of them are moving through the valley they are most eager in their inquiries th to whether Mosby is anywhere in the neighbourhood. Of course they get but little information from the inhabitants, whose idol he is. Originally, Mosby's band consisted of but one company, but it has lately been raised to a thousand, and he himself made a colonel in the Confederate army, though none ot his men are regularly enlisted soldiers. They are mostly sons of farmers and gentlemen, who prefer the ubiquitous life and its stirring adventures offered by their chieftain to the comparative monotony of the ranks in a Virginia regiment. They receive no pay from the War Office, but, instead of it, they are allowed to dispose of their captures for their own benefit, the Government being the purchaser. As soon as an expedition has been resolved upon, Mosby sends a summons to his men, who are dispersed in every direction, to meet him at some gap in the mountains, generally at night, and few fail to answer the call. If they should do so three times consecutively they are immediately handed over to the authorities and conscribed into' the regular army. My sketch shows a rendezvous of the band in a pass of the Blue Ridge; Mosby is seated on his horse in the shadow of a rock, and troopers are galloping up on all sides; others are dismounted, waiting the order to move. Beneath, the Shenandoah river winds its course through the fertile valley, of tha."
The Mar inal86.64. By Edward Pollard. (1 vol. Saunders, Otley, and Co.) Mr. Pollard, who was lately editor of the Richmond Rraminer, has already given his account of the first two years' wax in America; and he has now brought his narrative down to the critical moment when the cautious Confederate General Johnston was superseded b1 the dashing Rood. It will be seen, therefore, that he has left off at a point when the campaign in Georgia became particularly interesting; but the readers of the daily newspapers will easily supply for themselves what Mr. Pollard's history lacks. Indeed, it is a question whether an attentive perusal of the newspapers will

I have given the peruser quite as vivid and accurate an idea of the

whole war up to the present time as can be derived from Mr. Pollard's book. Mr. Pollard, as is natural, is a warm partisan of the Southern cause and an ardent hater of the Yankee. According to him, Yankee

Cenerals are incarnate fiends, and Yankee privates axe not much

oter. Peace between North and South, except,the "wayward sisters" be. allowed to have their desire, is utterly impossible. And yet he is by no means a. worshipper of Mx. Jefferson Davis; be accuses Mr. Davis of conceit and obstinacy, and attributes no lees a disaster than the loss of Vickaburg to Mx. Davis'a headstrong par-tiality for General Peinberton. The story of the war is told in a

sufficiently sickening manner by the impassible telegraph: whoever

has the stomach to swallow it, warmed by passion and spiced with

virulence, will do well to try a dose of Mr. Pollard's preparation.

as, . Rv .Thbn W 7 Thi11 'Vet fl (1
A hopeful miner, writi:ng from Nevada territory, the land of

I silver bricks, says :-"It is estimated that the silver mines o Nevada will

I yield this year 25,000,000 dols. This amount will be taken out in two years

from now in this city and vicinity annually, as we are now taking out and

I sending forward 150,000 dols, per month, which will be nearly doubled after

the let of next January."  -

Sultan has ordered from-thehsàM
A New York paper states that Professor Silliman examined

part of Southern Oaaffornia in the summer, and found oil equal in quality to the

best in Pennsylvania struggling to the surface and running to waste down the rivers for miles. It has been regarded as a nuisance, rendering barren tracts of land of perhaps a mile square inthe midst of a ens agricultural district.
CANADA -AND THE UNITED STATES.

Tn rulatin8 of our chief Transatlantic colony to the United

,States are ot ,qnite so cordial just ow as could be wished. None of the ties which connect them together in international -friendship ae actually severed, but & ,process has set in which, if allowed to go on much further, may very possibly end in rupture. Symptoms of incipient inflammation are already viible, and eyenwbere irritability of feeling is, but slight, it gréatly increases reasonable apprehension of the effects which may result from accidental causes. We believe that neither In the States ncii in the colony is war desired by either the people or their io-vermnents. And yet it cannot be concealed thei, in Opposition to the interests, the policy, and the will of

both, an,extranéos agent of discord has tlittjst itself between. them, and has succeedeclin giving to their position toward

each other an aspect ! antagonism. The best of neighbours are sometimes set, together by the ears by the intemperance of some. third party, and nations are occasionally Irp.1,4glit into collision by the compulsory discharge of responsibilities winch might have remained. dormant but for the follies and crimes of people whom theyboth condemn.

There can be no doubt that the border States of the American Union have suffered more from the raids of so-called Confederates from the frontiers of Canda than any people would be likely to tolerate with equanimity. The actual amount of damage done may have been small; but the sense of insecurity

tb apprehension, the suspense excited over a wide extent of eounjry, have been considerable, and have naturally given rise to excessive soreness of feeling. The, raiders were political refugees 'from -the Southern States, to whom Canada, nobly in±tatiIigt11erein the policy of the mother country, had. accorded, prompt and generous hospitality. Unfortunately, the guests who received -shelter in the colony do not seem to haverecognised any obligation of -consulting the convenience Of their host, and, under the protection they have received assert their right to levy war against and harry a neighbour. -with whom she is at peace. Without inquiring into the pre-. vailing sympathies of Canada in reference to the pending. struggle in the United States, it is sufficient that her Govern-.
inest honestly reprobated any such abuse oLher hospitality, and showed its sincerity by disclosing to the Government at Washington every conspiracy against it of which it had an inkling of information.-. This neighbcrnxly loyalty was sp. ax reciprocate d,that, when the St. Albans raiders were captured by the Vermont militia on the Canadian side of the border, the prisoners with their, plunder were ihesitatingly given up to the colonial authorities and, their extradition demanded in conformity with law. The unhappy decision of Judge Coursal, by which the raiders were set at liberty and their booty restored to. them, gave a momentary appearance of collusion between them and. the. government at Quebec. Momentary, we say, for thejudgment as repudiated at head-quarters the next Morning , and fresh, warrants were issued, against the accused; but, quite- sufficient to fire susceptibilities and passions not easy to be quenched. In the full blaze of this indignation General Dix issued his intemperate order to the military under his command to pursue all future raiders across the border if necessary, and to bring them thence to b

dealt with as martial law in the 'United States might determine-an order for setting at naught the Queen's sovereignty 'which Mr. Lincoln had, the good. sense immediately to command the General to 'withdraw. Nevertheless, although the Canadian Government acted with the greatest decision and energy in endeavouring to counteract the mischief of Coursal's judgment, have since recaptured most of the liberated raiders, and have dispatched to. the frontier a force of volunteers competent to prevent future depredation, the brief hurricane of anger in the States compelled the unwilling statesmen at Washington, and afforded an opportunity to the-willing, to take some steps which have pieced the relations of the two Governments in a rather unsatisfactory position.

 Canada is menaced with two serious evils by the President, and is already galled by the infliction of another by Mr. Seward. Mr. Lincoln is proceeding to give the six months' notice to the British Government necessary to free the

•United States Government from the obligations of the treaty which restrains both Powers from having more then one armed vessel on the great inland waters that divide their respective dominions. The wisdom of that treaty, and its effectiveness in preventing needless expense and hostile collisions, have been fully recognised by both parties, and incontestably proved by a long experience. In. what precise way the abrogation of it will operate for the security of the American border States from the incursions-of lawless men, it is difficult to see. The only certain effect of it will be to compel Canada to maintain on the lake flotillas of equal strength, to involve both Governments in unnecessary expenditure, and. to multiply the chances of future misunderstandings. The step has probably been taken partly with a 'view to threaten Canada, but chiefly for the purpose of amusing irritated public feeling in the North, and, possibly, the notice will not be followed up by action.

r. Lincoln has also intimated to our Government that the Reciprocity Treaty, 'which'will soon expire, will not be renewed in its present form' It is a strictly commercial agreement between the two Governments, under which great advantages have accrued to the people on both sides. It may be that the balance of advantage has been in favour of Canada; but, in truth, each country gets by means of it what it most wauts from its neighbour at a much cheaper rate. Here again the political wisdom the menace is lost in obscurity. Canada cannot be punished by the termination of the treaty without including in her punishment large and influential classes in the States themselves; and the Chamber of Commerce at Detroit, to which the question was referred for examination and report, have lucidly pointed out the mischief which the execution of the threat will inflict upon the trade and prosperity of the

have been visied by our agent to an equal, charge to: that ot the United States. We may just as well make money out oi the business as they."

Vs trust the Government at Quebec will think long and seriously before they act on this advice. That the course p. pored 'will not mend matters is obvious. That it will contribute but little to the Canadian Exchequer is confessed. It would be,, simple retaliation, which, in the present state of affairs, is precisely 'what is least to be desired. Mr. Seward, whose bias and habits as a politician are known more than they are honoured, has committed the 'United States Government to an act of petty vindictiveness. It 'would be bad policy it the Canadian Government should suffer themselves to be provoked into following his undignified example, and thus throw the sympathy of American traders into his scale. The existing irritation is temporary in its character and. mainly factitious. Wise statesmanship will give it time to die away. Just now, the most pressing duty of the Canadians is to mature and set in motioA the Constitutional machinery which will make British North America a strong empire, and to put up, as best they may, with the small annoyances inflicted upon them by regulations which injure their neighbours as much as themselves. Great and permanent interests are at stake, and it is by their regard to these rather than by the impulse of angry excitements, even if justifiable, that their present policy should be shaped. They have borne themselves nobly hitherto; let them not descend to a miserable contest with Mr. Seward, nor fight him with vulgar weapons. As a matter of fact, although through no fault of theirs, the fire was kindled by sparks from their own side, and they will, doubtless, iecognise the propriety of forbearing to add fuel to the flame.
éannot be punished by the termination of the treaty without including in her punishment large and influential classes in the States themselves; and the Chamber of Commerce at Detroit, to which the question was referred for examination and report, lave lucidly pointed out the mischief which the execution of the threat will inflict upon the trade and prosperity of the American Union, as well as its utter inutility as a political expedient. Where the interests are mutual, and ample time remains for deliberation, it may be hoped that sober judgment will set aside the intentions of temporary exasperation.

But Mr. Seward has struck his blow at once. He has established a passport system along the frontier, which, as the Toronto Globe observes, can be of no earthly use for the prevention of raids; but which, by the heavy price demanded for passes, not only prevents any American from passing into or out of Canada who can possibly do his business in any other way,, and thus deprives her, to alarge extent, of a large and lucrative traffic, but which also taxes the trade which may be carried on in spite of the regulation. In point of fact, the telegram sent over by the last mail represented the overland intercourse between the two countries as very nearly suspended, which statement, although pointing to a possible truth, must be regarded as giving us a description of facts as they are seen though the mist exhaled by anger. The commercial dealings between Canada and the United States are too numerous, too various, and too important, to allow of their being carried on satisfactorily without the passing and repassing of commercial agents across the border. A six-dollar fine each way is a heavy tax, no doubt; but scarcely heavy enough, one would imagine, to stop all traffic requiring personal superintendence. And, indeed, thus much may be inferred from the Globe's proposal to levy on the Canadian aide, sum for sum, whatever is levied on the American aide. "No American," says that journal, "who can help it will, while Mr. Seward's passport system exists, cross the boundary line either way. But those whose business compels them to do so would not be prevented therefrom by an additional six dollars. We have as good an excuse for carrying out our plan as the Government of the United States have for carrying out theirs, They 'wish to prevent raids; so do we. They have instituted a passport system for the purpose; let us follow their example; let us make all the passports they have issued worthless, so far as we are concerned, until they
AMERICA.

The news from New York, to the 11th inst., is unusually batwen of military events. We hear much of preparations, and some movements are reported which may prove preliminary to important undertakings, but there are no operations of consequence.

There were rumours of Federal expeditions on a large scale, to be led by Generals Sherman and Thomas. The former is to operate in Georgia and North Carolina- and another attempt to take Wilmington is to be made, a land force eing sent from Newbern to attack the city in the rear while a combined naval and military force operates against Fort Fisher. General Thomas was concentrating his troops on the Tennessee, with the view of niaking a campaign through Mississippi and Alabama. The Confederates were preparing to meet these aggressions; and it was rumoured that General Lee had been

laced in command of all the Confederate forces, and that, putting

eauregard in command of the defences of Richmond, he himself intended to go and confront Sherman. General Hood was re-forming his army and getting in readiness to meet Thomas or operate against Sherman.

The armies before Richmond and Petersburg have for some time ceased to be the most active of the Federal forces; and the only change reported from that quarter is the supercession of General Butler by General Ord, an able and well-tried soldier. Butler has been ordered to rjort himself at Lowell, Massachusetts, his native

tlace. Various ebargeB, military and civil, have been brought against im, and his disgrace appears to be complete. His removal gives rise to very little difference of opinion. A few, however, remark that be is now out of place, while a great number insist that he had been out of place for the past four years. The committee on the failure of the great mine at Petersburg has made its report. General Burnaide is exonerated from all responsibility for the failure, and Generals Grant and Meade are censured.

 General Sheridan has established his troops in comfortable winter quarters in the Shenandoah Valley. Great scarcity of food is said to exist in this once rich but often devastated district.

• Upto the close of last year 8,004,743 men had been draughted into the Federal armies by the conscription orders of the Washington Government. In 1861 there were 664,743 men draughted; in 1862 there were 740,000; in 1868 there were 700,000; and in 1864 there were 1,500,000, making the grand total as above. This embraces only the several calls and draughts, and is quite independent of voluntary enlistments and the 500,000 men called for a few days ago.

The Messrs. Blair, father and son, have again set out for the capital of the Confederacy, on a supposed peace mission, not official.

A bill passed by the Federal Senate emancipates the wives and cliftdren of coloured soldiers.

The Washington Government has sent forces to the Canadian frontier to prevent persons coming into the United States without a passport.

The Governor of the State of New York, in his inaugural message, delivered on the 2nd inst., stated that 182,766 alien immigrants arrived at the port of New York m the course of the year 1864-an increase of more than 25,000 over the number in 1803, and as large a number as in any year since 1854.

• The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher presided this year, as usual, at the annual letting of pews and aisle-seats in Plymouth Church, Brooklyn. The proceedings took place in the church on the 8i'd inst. The pre

•minms hid were much larger than ever before. The highest bid last year was 200 dols.; this year, 400 dols., which, added to the pew-rent, makes the largest total payment for the year for one pew 520 dols. Twelve pews were sold at prices (including premium and pew-rent) exceeding 400 dols. each, and sixteen more brought above 300 dols. lie congregation have raised the salary of their pastor from 7500 dols. to 12,000 dols. per year.

Governor Cannon, in his annual' message to the Legislature of

Delaware, again takes strong ground in favour of emancipation in

that State, as he did in his inaugural address.

The Missouri Convention have resolved to reorganise the State Constitution.  -

The Boston Traveller publishes a list of 103 persons in that city whose annual incomes are above 25.000 dole., as returned under the special i,icome tax. Ten taxpayers in the fourth district are assessed upon incomes of more than 100,000 dols, each, after the deductions allowed by law were made.

Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, in his annual message, lust issued, calls attention to the excess of women in Massachusetts, and to the surplus of men in Oregon, California, and other remote western communities. In Oregon, having 52,160 inhabitants, according to the Chest's of 1800, there were 19,961 males over fifteen years old, and only 9878 females above that age. Its population is estimated at over 100,000, this disproportion yet remaining. In Massachusetts there were 257,838 males between the ages of fifteen and forty, and 287,000 females; or, a surplus of 29,160. The excess (the Governor says) of women of all ages above fifteen years was 98,846. The absorption of men by the military and naval service during the intervening four years has aggravated this disproportion. He recommends the adoption of some practical way by which young women may be enabled to emigrate to useful fields of employment in the Western States.

A party of about 1600 Indians made an attack on J'ulesbnrg, Colorado territory, on the 7th inst., robbed the overland mail and express, dispersed a mule-train, destroyed the stagestation and a large amount of the telegraph materiel, and killed nineteen soldiers said citizens. A severe fight took place between the Indians and the troops, the latter numbering altogether less than a hundred; but the former were finally driven off, with the loss of their chief and twentyfour others killed.
BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

The Montreal Court (as stated in a portion of our Impression l

M11W has reconsidered its decision in the case of the St C2111s' and has decided that it has jurisdiction in the matter.

It is Faid that the new Federal passport system has nearly put an cad to the travelling of Americans in Canada, the passenger-trains on both the Grand Trunk and Great Western Railroads now running nearly empty west of Toronto.
Talkin of companies (limited), we hear that a boay of gentlem--n, long reATEent in, or acquainted with, or interested in the United &ates, are a7bboZi~;,,t to try in London an experiment which in New York. ha3, of ~t. yea, -iumpliant success. It isn7t tra v, y8 ; * t ' 't

late years, met with ti: MN a I Isn v .1a.te,

oInnteer fire companies; it isn't paper currency. But what will our readers think of a "London 'Delmonioo' Company" (limited)? Dolmonico's at New York is simply the beat and most splendid restaurant in the world. There is nothing in Paris to beat it; there is notbin in London, with all its plethora of hotels and dining-room's, to equal it. Delmonico's is a combination of the Trois Prres, the Maison Doris, Philippe's (Rue Montorgueil), Bignon's, the Trafalgar at Greenwich, the Star and Garter at Richmond, the Hotel de Rossie at Frankfort, Plorian's at Venice, the Ship and Turtle, Leadenhallstreet, Darba's at St. Petersburg, and the dining-rooms of the beat Pallmall dubs. You may dine at Delmonico's for a dollar, ani for a party of eight your bill may come to a thousand dollars -precisely as you please. You may be served off gold, and have pearls dissolved in your sauterne if you choose. The projected "London 'Delrnonico' Company" will of course appeal chiefly to the wealthiest and moat lnxnrioos classes. The locale will be a splendid mansion at the West End, the furniture will be gorgeous, the waiters irreproachable, the cookery simply perfection, the wines :-no es'em parlor pro. The servants will be superb in plush and silk stockings; and for a dines' d'dUte the major-demo will bring in the first dish with a silver chain round his neck and a sword by his side, according to the grand old traditions of the days of Ude, and Car-dma, and D'Ouix. The experiment is a bold _one; u what manotbe tried in London the stupendous?
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Novi Scotian we have news from New tot to the 21st tilt.

Whilst General Butler was giving evidence at Washington of the impossibility of taking Fort Fisher, that powerful stronghold fell tinder a combined attack of Admiral Porter's fleet and an asau1t made by General Terry in person. The Wilmington expedition arrived off Fort Fisher a second time on the morning of the 13th nit. At an early hour Admiral Porter dispatched a portion of his fleet to a point about three miles and a half from Fort Fisher, with orders to shell the neck of land which at this place separates the shore from the river, and which was thickly wooded, whilst in the meanwhile the iron-clad frigates and the monitors were ranged within a distance from the fort varying from half to three-quarters of a mile. At nine o'clock in the morning the landing of the troops was begun, and as 200 boats had been told c from the fleet to convey the soldiers from the transports to the shore, 40Q1) troops were safely landed in the course of an hour. The vessels winch had been engaged in shelling the woods previous to the landing of the troops then moved in the direction of Fort Fisher, continuing to shell the adjoinin? linaof coast; and at four o'clock in the afternoon, the disenibarkstion having been completed, the Federal troops, to the nnmr
her of 6000, advanced two miles up the plomOntol-y thus reducing their distance from the fort to a mile and a half, !ffere they remained until the 35th, on the evening of which day the fort was taken by assault. Whilst one portion of the fleet was engaged, on the morning of the 13th, in covering the landing of the troops, the ironolads and monitors opened a bombardment on Fort Fisher. This bombardment is described as having been incessant during the greater part of that day, and the guns of the. fort were either silenced or the commander of the garrison was convinced of the inutiity of firing upon the Federal ironcltda. In the course of the same day Admiral Porter directed the wooden frigates, which had in the morning been engaged in shelling that part of the coast where the troops landed to take part in the bombardment, which they did, without, however, provoking a' return fire from Fort Fisher. During the night shells were occasionally discharged against the fort, and on the afternoon of the following doy the bombardment was renewed in all its previous intensity. On the morning of the 15th it was continued, and at four o'clock on the same afternoon the troops made the assault. Whilst three brigades advanced to the attack, a division of the Federal army, remaining on the ground it had occupied for the preceding two days, 'held the promontory against the Confederate forces, which, tinder Hoke, advanced from the direction of Wilmington, and which would otherwise have taken the assaulting column in the rear. The defence of the fort was obstinate, but fruitless. A battalion of sailors and marines, which had been landed during the day in order to co-operate with the land forces, was repulsed; but ultimately the garrison, being outnumbered, was obliged to evacuate the fort. Hemmed in on one side by the river and on the other by the sea, the Confederatsa (to the number of 3200) could not retire beyond the extremity of the promontory, and as a matter of course, were there compelled to surrender. The Federal loss was considerable, but it is more then counterbalanced by what is unquestionably a substantial success. On the first day the monitors alone were at first engaged, and from eight in the moaning till four in the afternoon poured in 2000 ponderous shells-at the rate of four a minute; then both divisions of the fleet, iron and wood, were engaged with 812 guns, and in one hour and a half fired 21,600 shots. Fort Smith, on the opposite side of New Inlet, was subsequently abandoned and blown up by the Confederates. Wilmington was reported to be held by 5000 Confederates, under General MoIre; and it was not known that further operations would he immediately undertaken by the Federals. The Richmond Examiner thinks that the capture of Wilmington is not a necessary, but a probable, consequence of the fall of Fort Fisher, and urges the burning of all cotton in Wilmington.

 rln consequence of this success, General Grant has ordered. a. salute of a hundred shotted guns tobefired against Petersburg and Richmond by each of the armies co-operating against those cities.

General Sherman had sent part of his army to reinforce General Foster, who had occupied Pocotaligo, on the Savannah and Charleston Railway, the Confederates having abandoned their works there. It was reported that General Sherman was menacing Branchvifle. It was stated that a considerable body of Federals was intrenohed at Franklin Mills, on the Dog River, and that serious operations were about to be undertaken against Mobile.

Mr. Blair has returned from Richmond, and a general impression prevails that negotiations in some form are afoot on the question of peace. In the Confederate Congress, however, a strong determination to prosecute the war is expressed. The Charleston Macury of the 12th nit. says:-" The crisis of the Confederacy has arrived in fatal earnest. The result of the next six months will bring the Confederacy to the ground or will reinstate its power. Without reform we are doomed. There must be no more Jeff Davis foolery, but brains and nerve; reform, shooting, cashiering, order, subordination; soldiers-not runaways, ragamuffins, ruffians." Mr. Foote, the Confederate orator who denounced the policy of Jefferson Davis within the walls of the Southern Congress, has been captured in an attempt to reach the Federal lines. General Lee, it was alleged, was

:g the Confederate Government to order a conscription of negroes, 11vto emancipate the conscripts and their families.

The monitor Patapsco has been destroyed off Charleston, while on picket duty, by several torpedoes. Fifty of the crew were drowned.

The resolution of Congress to terminate the Reciprocity Treaty has been approved, by President Lincoln; and the Senate has ratified the notice to be given to England for the termination of the Lake Naval Force Treaty. Senator Sumner has introduced into the Senate a resolution proposing that notice should be given for the termination of the Extradition Treaty with England.

The Virginia Legislature had almost unanimously rejected a resolution "to make peace through State action."

Slavery has been abolished in Missouri and Tennessee by State conventions.

The Hon. Edward Everett, formerly Ambassador for the United States at our Court, died recently, of apoplexy, in Boston. Mr. Lincoln ordered the customary mars of respect to be paid to his memory. The Government buildings in Washington were to be drped with mourning for thirty days.

Captain Bell and three other Confederates, charged with the attempt to burn the New York hotels in November last, have been arrested near the Canadian frontier and consigned to Fort Lafayette. General Warren has been ordered to convene a court-martial for their trial.

A considerable fluctuation in gold had taken place, p1-ices ranging between 199 and 206, the latter being the latest quotation.

A nticnmnfni, ha4,ma (1,,,,11 ,, A + -, TT,,44A *,
A curling-match b&ween Canada and the United States was played at Buffalo on the 5th nit. At the close of the day the score was iound

to be:-Americans, 'ITS; Canadians, 658 showing a majority of 180

for Canada. The cinders afterwards dined together in the American Bail. By special order of Mr. Seward, passports were not required from the Canadians at the frontier on this occasion.

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

The Canadian Parliament met at Quebec on the 10th ult. The Governor's message announced that a bill to give the Executive further powers to deal with political refugees who commit outrages on the bordex and a plan for the constitution of the Confederation, would be laid before the Parliament.

One of the Canadian raiders has been declared guilty of robbery, and been adjudged to be delivered over to the Federal authorities. A writ of habeas corpus had been demanded on his behalf.
The Eon. Edward Everett is dead. He was one of the best of Anierican classical scholars-the Hon. Charles Francis Adams is said to be the strongest in Greek. Mr. Everett's character, during a long and active life, was very pure and blameless, and he was in all respects the model of a courteous and polished American gentleman. He was at one period Minister Plenipotentiary from the great Republic to the Court of St. yames's, and was nominated (on the ' Boil and Everett ticket ") for Vice-President of the United States. He was great at orations. His grand discourse on Washington was delivered no less than 129 times in different parts of the Union in aid of the funds for purchasing Mount 'Vernon; and a couple of years since he pronounced a harangue over the paves of the Federal soldiers killed at Gettysburg, which an enthusiastic old lady-listener declared to be "as smooth as sarce and as sweet as maple-candy." The sayings of American old ladies of the Mrs. Partington type are wonderful, and most of them are unrecorded. Did you ever hear of the remark of the ancient dame whose farm-homestead had been alternately ravaged by Federal and Confederate troops? 14 North and South," she observed ; "it's four pecks o' one and a bushel o' t' other. I 'ye had 'em both, Longatreet's 'walk' men, and Wolford's 'critter' men, they both kecn around, and, 'twixt the two, they caved in my ash-hopper that I wouldn't ha' taken two dollars and a York shilling for." Me ash-hopper was all the world to the old lady.

The amiable imperturbability of the Hon. Edward Everett was marvellous, and rivalled that of Sheridan, or Sheridans friend, who, when he had sent the hot roast goose flying into the lap of the lady in pink satin, observed that "he would trouble her for that goose when she had done with it." Nothing ruffled, nothing disturbed Mr. Everett, He went on, smiling and beaming, beyond three score years and ten like a Beautiful Image. He was once president of Harvard University; and there is a story that at one of the 'commencements" or commemorations of that institution a wicked undergraduate who had recently been expelled contrived, to ensconce himself in the musicians' gallery, which was directly over the dais, and amused himself during the delivery of the inaugural oration by sprinkling flour on the presidential head. The Hosionrable Edward at last became aware of the farinaceous shower. He just gently inclined his head upwards; 'spotted" the culprit; then, without a word of remonstrance, unfurled an umbrella; and uttered under that canopy such beautiful sentences about Mosclius, Bion, and the Pilgrim Fathers, that the autlit3ry, who had. been on the broad grin, were hushed to reverential silence. It is to be hoped that the wicked undergi'atuate forthwith repented, became a hermit, and lived for the remainder of his blighted eaiateics o:r Grk

roots and Congress wntr, -

The Right Rev. Thomas Church Brownell, D.D., Bishop of

the Amcricnn Episcopalian Church Hartford, Connecticut, died a few weeks aijice, in tis eightyeixth year. having been a Bishop forty-six years. He was, till 1851. the preoidcnt of Trinity College, in the State of Connecticut.
Mecmülcm, as usual, aspires to and attains a higher level, but fulfils its aim less perfectly. The best article is undoubtedly that in which Professor Masson records his recollections of his deceased iriend, ;Agosthio Ri.uffiuii om writer of fiction-but one: endowed with !uoptions above the common-should anurooriate

r- --_____

lead is Professor GoId.win Smith's professedly slight and im

erfect portrait of a great living celebrity-President Lincoln. The

udicroi2s falsenres of the popular estimate of this remarkable man

-must by this time have become apparent to all capable of reflection. Mr. Smith has contributed towards the formation of a better one by some judicious observations; but, in particular, by simply letting us see how the President i uvont to express himself on great occasions. No man, it must be conceded by all who reed this paper, could have spoken more simply and nobly over the dead at (ettysburg; more firmly, and at the same time wisely and moderately, on the question of emancipation; more tersely and unanswerably than in rebutting the charges of illegal arrests. The same spirit pervades all these utterances-tluat of a magistrate severely conscious of his respoasibiji

ties, disinterested, energetic, circumspect. - 0A the late Pro1
It is precisely because we are sincerely solicitous for the abiding wLfare of the projected Confederation that we cannot join some of our contemporaries in flaunting before the eyes of British Americans the dazzling, but, in our opi.mon, improbable, prospect of their one day becoming °the leading Power of the American continent." It is a relun flattering to British vanity, and countenanced at the present moment by some American malcontents. The British Americans will do well not to import from this island. the high-flying Imperial ambition which once swayed Britons so powerfully, but which is now somewhat out of date and fashion. ' The leading Power on the American continent," whoever it may be, will have the leading debt in the American continent, will be the most prone to wars of empire, to wars for a fanciful balance of power, or more probably for a real but selfish preponderance. Such distinctions as these may be accepted as the gratuitous gifts of destiny, but are not worth heavy esorfilcea for their attainment.

51.111 more important to the 9onfederation than its relations to Gloat Britain and France (for we must not forget that Canada baa a hold upon the French heart also) are it relations to its powerful and excitable neighbour. It is the instinct of danger in this direction which has so rapidly brought to a head the idea of a British-American Confederation. President Lincoln has given notice to the British Government to terminate that stipniatin of the treaty of Ghent, which, in substance forbade the naintenance of a naval force on Lakes Ontario and Erie. Congress has instructed, or is on the eve of instructing, the President to give the requisite year's notice of the termination of the Reciprocity Treaty with Canada. We will fling a veil of oblivion over General passionate order, speedily cancelled as it was by the President. The repeal of the Reciprocity Treaty alone will exclude American Vessels from the navigation of the Canadian witers, natural and nr fiS1, and place the disabilities of the

Amer-lear. fishing ntere on a' ue footing as they were in 1352,

The mail from Sherman's army, by the Arago, reached the New York post-office at half-past six o'clock on Friday night, and the last of more than 200,000 letters was dispatched by the Erie line at a quarter past four the next afternoon. The stamps not having been cancelled, this labour was necessaa* performed 1 the New York post-office, and, employed fifteen man throughout the night and up to noon on Saturday. Twenty men were required to sort the letters. This is the largest mail that the New York post

office ever received. AWH~Wlp -I's Ch,arf.,'1v Rp4-n.n 'ômrnees the
when the American people were excited to a war point by the simple

enforcement of an almost unquestioned British right. The birthday

of the confederation will fall in no halcyon time of security, but at an epoch when the minds of its citizens are brooding anxiously about the future of their country and the various forms of danger to which it may be exposed.

It is to be hoped that the free-trading interests of the Great West will eventually outweigh in the political balance the Protectionist tendencies of the Atlantic States, and that the repeal of one reciprocity treaty will be. only a step towards the conclusion of another and an amended one. The pungent manifesto of the Detroit Board of Trade, which has been recently republished in this country, gives us an assurance that the men of the West will not allow their greatest commercial interest, the export of grain and its free transit to the seaboard, to go to the wall. That they will find willing allies in British American statesmen the following well-conceived resolution shows

The communications with the North-\VCstern territory and tl,e im)rorement3

,'eqairod for (1e development of the trade of the Great West with the seaboard, are regarded by this Conference as subjects of the highest importance to the Confederation, and should be prosecuted at the earliest possible period when the state of the federal ftua.nces will permit the Legislature to do so.

The improvements referred to are, we presume, the constriction of the Ottawa Canal and the deepening of the Welland. and St. Lawrence canals. Such being the highly precarious state of the commercial relations between British America end the United States, it becomes doubly incumbent on the former to establish that system of entire i,serooloniri free trade which is one of the most prominent features of the new scheme. The sweeping away of four or five provincial tariffs will be the beet means of indemnifying the British Americans for the possible loss of a reciprocity treaty with the American Union.

 To carry out this general system of free trade, as well as to facili

tate intercourse between the maritime provinces and. Canada, it is abso

lutely necessary that the missing links of the intercolonial railroad,

which is to connect Halifax with .Quebe.c, be forthwith completed.

These missing links axe two-viz., between Truro, in Nova Scotia, and Shediao, in New Brunswick; and between B'rederioton,'RB., and Rivière de Loup, the eastern terminus of the Grand Trunk line, lit miles below Quebec. The constriction of this line was recommended by Lord Durham in his celebrated "Report on the Affairs of British liorbh America," so early as January, 1889, at a time when the present gigantic system of American and Canadian railroads ws yet in embryo. We quote this curious passage

The completion of any satisfactory communication between Halifax and

Quebec would, in fact, produce relations between these provinces that would render a general union absolutely necessary. Several surveys have proved that it would be perfectly practicable the whole way. It appears to be a general opinion in the united. States that the severe snows and frosts of that continent very slightly impede and do not prevent the travelling on railroads; and, if I am rightly informed, the Utica liaiiroact, in the northern part of the State of New York, is used throughout the winter. If this opinion be correct, the formation of a railroad from Halifax to Quebec would entirely alter some of the distinguishing characteristics of the Canadas. Instead of being shut out from all direct intercourse with England during half the year, they would possess a far more certain and speedy communication throughout the winter than they now possess in summer. The passage from Ireland. to Quebec would be a matter of ten or twelve days, and Halifax would be the great port by which a large portion of the trade, and eli the conveyance of passengers to the whole

of British North America, would be carried on .  If the great

natural channel of the St. Lawrence gives all the people who dwell in any part of its basin such an interest in the government of the whole as renders it wise to incorporate the two Canadas, the artificial work which would, in fact, supersede the lower part of the St. Lawrence as the outlet of a great part of the Canadian trade, and would make Halifax, in a great measure, an outpOrt to Quebec, would surely, in the same way, reader it advisable that the incorporation should be extended to provinces through which such a road would pass.

Although Sir Robert Peel's Government was favourable to this project, end offered to guarantee 4 per cent interest to the investors, it has not yet been carried out. The want of it was grievously felt by the empire in the winter of 1861-2, when the 10,000 British troops made their famous passage on sleighs between Fredericton and. Quebec. The same motives of economy and speed in the conveyance of troops, military stores, and the mails which have prompted the Indian Government to guarantee a certain rate of interest upon the vast sums invested in Indian railroads, has at length impelled both the Imperial and Colonial Governments to renew their offers of a guarantee and grant of land to any capitalists who will supply the missing links in the railroad chain bQtween Halifax and Quebec. As the surveys have long since been made, and the estimated outlay is only £3,000,000 for a length of 350 miles, and inasmuch as its execution is a condition precedent of the proposed Confederation, we may soon expect to hear of its introduction on the Stock Exchange.
The Rev. Mr. Greene's congregation in Hatfield, Massa

chusetts, made their pastor "surprise visits" on Christmas evening end on

New-Year's Eve, and left him 508 dols. in money, a barrel of auger, a barrel of flour, 110 lb. of butter, and wood enough to supply him for a year, besides many other articles for family use, This was in addition to many other valesable presents in money and family supplies during the year. These "surprise visits" would not be taken amiss by many clergymen in this country.
AMERICA.

By the Meravian, we have intelligence from New York to the

28th lilt.

Mr. Blair had returned to Washington, having, it is said, altogether

failed in his peace mission, The Confederate House of Representatives. has unanimously confirmed the resolution to issue an address to the Southern people announcing the determination of Congress to continue the war; and at Washington resolutions have been introduced into the Senate in favour of the continuance of the war until the South shall make an unconditional submission. So it is clear that "the end is not yet."

The Federal General' Terry had demanded the surrender of Wilmington, giving General Bragg until the 19th inst. to decide. Opinions differ as to whether the Confederates would surrender or defend the place. the mean time Admiral Porter had occupied all the forts and we abandoned by the enemy, and was feeling his way up the river.

A'Confederate squadron, composed of three ironclads and five gunboats, and said to have been commanded by Captain Sémmes, descended the 'lames River during the night of the 23rd silt., with the supposed purpose of surprising the Federal flotilla end destroying General Grant's stores and transports at City Point. But the (ionfederate vessels failed to pass the obstructions laid by the Federals in the stream. One of them ran aground, and had to be destroyed; and the others were compelled to return without effecting anything.

General Sherman has received considerable reinforcements, but

nothing definite is known as to his movements.

In the West there have been several movements of detach--,d expeditions.

'The city of New York was to furnish 20,000 recruits under

President Lincoln's last levy; and the Government had refused toreduce the quota.

 President Davis has signed the Congressional resolutions creating the office of general-inchief. He has also sent a letter to the Confederate Congress stating that, when General Lee took the command of the army of Virginia, he was commanding all the armies of the Confederate States, but was relieved of the latter command at his own request. Whenever General Lee finds it practicable to assume the chief command without withdrawing from the direct obinmancl of the army of Virginia, Mr. Davis will deem it conducive to the public interest to place hint in that position.. General Johnston has been reinstated, and appointed, it is said, to the command of the Confederate army in the West.

President Davis has written along letter in which he argues against

separate State action, and also agaanst the project of a convention of all the States of the Confederacy and of the Union.

The New York oil "diggings" promise to become as remunerative

as those of Pennsylvania or West Virginia, and Oattaa'ongus County is fast becoming the Mecca of those who hasten to he rich.

The Senate has ratified the treaties with the north-western bands of

Shoshoonce Indians establishing peace and friendship, the srveral

bands stipulating that hostilities and all depredations upon the emigrant-trains, the mail and telegraph lines, and upon citizens of the United States within,their country, shall cease. The boundaries of their country, as claimed and occupied by them1 are thus given by the New Yin-k Tribune :-On the north, by the middle of the Great Desert; on the west, by Steptne Valley- on the south, by Toedon or Green Mountains; and on the east, by the Great Salt Lake, Tuilla, and Rush Valleys. The Indians agree to remove to the reservations whenever the President shall deem it expedient for them to do so, and become herdsmen or agriculturists, the Government paying them certain annuities in money, provisions, and goods. The Indians also agree that the Paeificjtailroad shall not be molested; that military posts, ike., may be constructed, the gold and silver mines worked, and mining and agricultural settlements formed, and rancheros established Wherever they may be required.

BIUTIH NORTH AMERICA.

The Canadian Government and Parliament are taking high ground

in the matter of the St. Albans outrages. Judge Coureol has been suspended, and a bill introduced to make good the fifty thousand dollars which were returned to the raiders on their release. In the opening debate in Parliament the Government was sustained by a large majority, and the conduct of the Southern refugees in Canada strongly denounced. A determination was expressed to stop the abuse of asyinm. The Government is carrying out a general draaght n order to be prepared for the worst, but the speeches in Parliament
