The Great Eastern, laden with the Atlantic telegraph cable,

Left the Nore last Saturday evening,- and arrived off Vlencda on Wednesday

morning. The Caroline, with the shore end of cable, twenty-seven miles in

length, was detained at Falmouth by bed weather until Monday, aud had to

be taken in tow by the Great Eastern off Land's-end the same day, and taken to Valencia during a heavy sea. The Terrible and the Sphyc are also off Valencia. In consequence of a heavy rolling sea, the Great Eastern was unable to communicate with the shore, and went for shelter to Berehiwen arbour, Bantry Bay, where she will lie until the shore end of the cable i

laid-an operation which will occupy about two days, and which was to be

about directly the weather improved. Once started for the Newfoundland

coast, the only danger to be feared i a storm severe enough to drive the Great Eastern from her course. Messages will be transmitted from the ship on paying out each fifty miles, so that the public will be able to watch her course from day to day almost as closely as those on board. On arriving at Newfoundland a menage, already prepared, will be transmitted to the directors, and the receipt of ths will be conaldetod proof that the line -has been opened.
We ha-e o1è7ort of the progress of Mr and Mrs, Charles Keen in St. Louis, where their reception appears to have been prodigious. On the 2&d of June Mr. Kean addressed the audience, promising to revisit them in November. On the 27th they appeared in "Henry VIII. 11 and "The Jealous Wife," at the theatre in Chicago, which was filled in every part. The tragedies of "Hamlet" and "Louis XI." have also been performed with dolat. Altogether, they may be congratulated on their success.
THE LAST DAYS OF THE CONFEDERATE

GOVRNMEItT.

Tnotrcrr published at a somewhat late period, the series of four Illustrations which we give this week cannot fail to prove of much interest to our readers. It must be taken into consideration that our Special Artist at the head-quarters of the Southern army bad numerous difficulties to contend with in the transmission of his correspondence to this Journal! and it is only now that, by his arrival in this country, we are placed in a position to avail ourselves of the last of his experiences in the Southern States of America.

After the capitulation of General Johnston there was virtually no armed force left east of the Mississippi; and President Davis, already a fuve from Richmond, having been driven from the capital of Virginia by the surrender of General Lee, found himself again a wanderer by the wayside, seeking some means of escape from the Federal columns which were closing in upon him in all directions. Our Special Artist, as we have already stated, accompanied Mr. Davis in his flight to within forty-eight hours of his capture. A. few of the sketches he made, while following the ex-President, are now given to the public.

One of these Illustrations shows the ex-President's train crossing the Pc-Dee River, in North Carolina This was a long and tedious operation. There are usually no bridges over the swift watercourses in this part of America, and very frequently no fords. Each waggon, with its team of mules, had in this instance to be ferried across separately, and this delay, with an enemy following in the rear, was, to say the least of it, a very anxious affair. In fact, more than one alarm of the approach of the Federal cavalry was given before half the train bad crossed the river, and the excitement amongst the rearguard and teamsters was excessive. The horses of the cavalry escort were made to swim the stream, being stripped of their saddles and their riders of most of their clothes. The confusion at the landing-place was enormous, as many of the frightened animals were scarcely in the water before they threw their riders and struggled to the bank, chargin through the crowd of attendant cavalrymen. Notwithstanding all this, the entire than used safely over the Ps-Dee and many other

streams while our Artist was in its company, and the only misfortune that happened to him was two or three good duckinga.

Another fllustration shows Mr. Davis and his Cabinet halting by the

roadside; the en-President engaged in signing papers which Mr. Benjamin, his Secretary of State, is handing to him. This was probably the last official business transacted by the Confederate Cabinet, and may well be termed "Government by the roadside." Our readers must bear in mind that at any moment the alarm might be given of the enemy's advance, and, to say the least, such a condition of matters was scarcely calculated to give calmness to the delibe

rations of the fugitive Government.

The subject of another Illustration is the scene presented by a

sudden alarm, or stampede, which was a very frequent occurrence,
owing to the proximity of the Federal cavalry, who were frequently within three miles of the camp of the flying President. A scout had

01 to dash in and give the alarm when everything went heltern3l to along the road-President, Ministers cavalrymen, four-muled

A te wag.gons, and.teraified negro servants, all jum' bled up together.

The last of these -Illustrations shows the farewell of Mr. Davis to his escort and gaff in the square of Washington, Georgia. It was here that he determined to continue his flight almost alone; and, assembling those round him who had sacrificed everything to the defeated cause, be, with tears in his eyes, begged them to seek their own safety and leave him to meet his fate. Undoubtedly, it was an ill-advised arrangement which brought an escort of 1500 men in the train of a man fleeing for his life; and, when boo late, Mr. Davis saw the error of thus attracting the attention of the entire country through which he passed, and disbanded them but forty-eight hours before his capture.
TAnd so hera Eastern is fairly of and if in the ensuing fort

night the telegraph cable is successfully laid down, amongst the

earliest news that mm along the line at the rate of four words a minute will be that which relates the trial of Mr. Jefferson Da',-is. There is now plenty of force in America, and the admirers of Mr. Carlyle and a strong Government have their wish. No one can look at a photograph of President Johnson without seeing that he is a roan of great capacity and of iron will. By-the-way, with what fervour would the news be received, in America (were it only true) of the assertion that Qarlyle had undertaken the Life of President Lincoln. "Two men I honour," said that writer; "and no third: first, the toil-worn craftsman that conquers the earth. Venerable to me is thy hard hand, hardly-entreated brother I The second is the mspixed thinker . . . . These two, in all their degrees, I honour; all else is chaff and dust." "Unspeakably touching" is the Oarlylese expression for the effect the sight of the two labourers united in one person has on him; and in Abraham Lincoln, the eloquent rail-splitter and the martyred President, surely these were so. The life of a mad despot like Frederick might possibly be atoned for by the really deeply instructive life of Abraham Lincoln. Will Mr. yle take it in hand?
The America Protestant church at Aspinwall w83 con.

secreted on June 1, the ceremony being performed by Bishop Potter, of Pennsylvania. A large number of the residents of Panama, both native and foreign, including the President of the State, the French Consul, and other prominent inhabitants were present at the service. Thisis the first Protestant church ever erected on the isthmus of Panama. It is built of stone brought from the Pacific Ball road Company's quarry on the isthmus, and has been erected at the coat of the company. -
IJ1cIThD STATES,

It is reported that the Governmentl.s determined to try Mr. ])iwis

by a military commission in consequence of the discovery of additional

evidence implicating him in the assassination plot.

Slowly, yet surely, the work of reorganising the southern States

continues.

Judge William Marvin, formerly Southern District Judge of Florida,

lies been appointed provisional Governor of that State, with like instructions to those issued in relation to previous similar appointments. This appointment completes the work of supplying all the southern States with civil executives, and in once more placing the entire sisterhood of the Union under the direction of Governors, either elected or appointed, aeknowledgthg and in accord with the general Government.

A Virginia delegation waited on the President and asked him to

ame] the snnie4y pTeci nstou by striking out the clause excluding
rebels with over 20,000 dols. Mr. Johnson replied that he saw 110

reason for granting their request.

Judge Sharkez, of Mississippi, has announced that the delegates

to the State convention will be elected on Aug. 7.

General Howard, the chief of the Freedmen's Bureau, has instructed

his subordinates throughout the south to see that slavery is not reins..

posed in the form of apprenticeship.

It j officially estimated that the supplies of cotton in the country, amount to two million and a quarter bales, exclusive of the new crop

The: "Confiscation Department" has seized much property a

Richmond; and the publication of the .Richmond Whig has been sm.

pended by the military authorities.

An international trade convention, assembled at Detroit, Michigan, on the 11th inst. There were about 600 delegates present, composed of representalives of the board of trade said commercial association' of various cities of the northern, eastern, and western States, and

the British provinces. An organization was effected, and other

business of a preliminary character was transacted. General Hiran.

Waibridge, of New York, was chosen president, and vice-preside

for each of the States and provinces were chosen. The object of the convention is thus set forth:-Discussion and conference upon, first, finances; second, commerce; third, lines of transit from east

west; fourth, the reciprocity treaty. The deliberations extended over several days. Various reports and resolutions were submitted, but the convention adjourned without important action.

There is an evident attempt on the part of some members of the Government and leading politicians to create an excitement on the question of Imperialism in Mexico. Secretary Harlan and Mr. Montgomery Blair had. made speeches denouncing the French inter.. ,ention in Mexico and advocating the maintenance of the "Monroe doctrine."

Barnum's Museum and many adjoining buildings, in New York

have been destroyed by a fire which was suspected to have been caused

by  isry. BRITISH NORTH AMBRICA,

A meeting of the Canadian Cabinet was held at Quebec on the 14z inst., and the GovernorGeneral has summoned Parliament to assemble on the 8th proxinmo.

A report preeeted, on the 14th inst., by Mr. Howes, of Nova.

Scotia, contained the declaration that the annexation of the British

provinces to the United States has no place in the minds of the people of those provinces, and that should. anyone attempt to go to the hastings as an advocate of such a scheme he would be treated as a revolutionist.
THE ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH.

Thizos are looking favourable for the Atlantic Telegraph. The

shore. end of the cable was successfully landed at Valencil OR Saturday morning last. Connections were made with the inZtrUfli.t room at 12.45 p.m., Greenwich time, in the presence of a large 00* course. The Knight of Kerry and Sir Robert reel made congr$. tulatory speeches. Three cheers were given for her Majesty an(L three for the President of the United States. The paying-oat of the heavy shore cable, twenty-seven miles in length, was completed bT. the Caroline late in the evening. Shortly after four, on Sunday
afternoon, the splice with the main cable on board the Great Eastern was completed, and the paying-out began from the Great Eastern. Disquietirg rumours were circulated on Tuesday to the effect that the cable was in danger of failure. We are glad, however, to learn that the hitch which occurred had been put right, and that at the time of our going to press all was working smoothly. Telegrams continue to be received from the gentlemen on board the Great Eastern, signailing that the work of laying the cable is proceeding satisfactorily; and this gigantic vessel, herself one of the wonders of the world, which is bearing across the Atlantic the 'wire that is to make thought simultaneous in the two hemispheres, has so far advanced on her 'voyage that we may indulge in hopes of its successful issue.

A despatch from St. John's, Newfoundland, states :_c, In antici

pation of the successful laying of the Atlantic cable a telegraph line

has been constructed from this place to Heart's Content, the point selected for the landing of the American shore end of the cable. An office has been fitted up there, and everything that can be done to advance the securing of the shore end of the cable has been per. formed."
Silver Peak is believed to be a pre-eminent over all silver

mountains as the Iron mountain of Missouri is superior to all other iron

deposits. Silver Peak is situated east of San Francisco, on the eastern side of

the Sierra Nevada, and nearly one degree south of the city of Austin. It Is

some two miles from Castle Mount, an old extinct crater, about 5000 ft. above ocean level. Near Silver Peak is an extensive deposit of salt, and not far distant a bill of pure sulphur. The whole country has a naked appearance, being piite destitute of vegetation, and bristles with mountains scattered over a plain of great extent. The dreaded "Valley of Death," upon the plains of which, along the "old Spanish trail," travellers have suffered so much, lies but a short distance to the south-east of the crater of Silver Peak. Little Salt Lake, in Southern Vtab, lies directly east of Silver Peak. At rst the searchers after deposits of the precious metals confined their searches to the Paciffc side of the Sierra Nevada; but discoveries in New Mexico, Arizona, and Virginia city induced a thorough examination o

the east side of the Sierra Nevada. This resulted in great success, the most brilliant of which is found in the neighbourhood of Austin, on the line of the great overlend mail, where a city has sprung up within three years which, Senator Wye says, contains a population of 10,000. From along this line of exploration the miners are rapidly extending their operations, both north and south. Recently (within six months) they came upon this immense deposit near Castle Mount. Twelve exceedingly rich lodes, or "ledges" as the miners call them, were discovered on that single mountain. This discovery in an unexpected region is believed to be the most valuable yet developed. The specimens--a great number of which have been brought to New York by Colonel Catherwood-are certainly very remarkable, and merit the attention of the whole financial community. If there is no mistake-and with the specimens actually before us we do not see how there can be--a new deposit, superior ef en to the CDmstoOk lode, which has furnished so many millions of silver, is about to pour into our market its limitless supply of this precious metal.New Thric Journal of Commerce.
- UNITED STATES. -

The election at Richmond has resulted in the success of the Seces-sion ticket, Lee's paroled soldiers voting.

The New Jersey Republican Convention has nominated Mr. I,. Ward for Governor. Resolutions wore adopted indorsilig President Johnson's policy and the amendment abolishing slavery, and also the resolutions of the Baltimore Convention in favour of enforcing the Monroe doctrine. A resolution in favour of negro suffrage was do-. bated by a large majority.

Formidable guerrilla bands continue to infest the Teohe district of Louisiana.

The Provisional Governor of South Carolina, Mr. Parry has issued a Union proclamation announcing the election of a state donvention to meet on the 6th of November next.

General Lee, who is now at a country residence in Charlotte County, Virginia, is engaged in writing a history of his campaigns.

In our obituary notice, last week, of the Prince Frederick

EmiJius .&uguatns, of Sehlcswig.B:olstein, Usually styled the.Prince de air

who died at Jicyrout, in Syria, on the 2nd ult., we omitted to mention his

sccond marriage. The Prince married Miss Mary Lee, of Now York, at tin

Church of the Redemption, at Paris, on the 3rd of November 1at
TEE LAYING OF THE ATLANTIC LEGBPH GABLE.

IN the Supplement to this Number,

we have given an account ot all the Operations connected with it till the afternoon of Sunday, the 23rd nit., when the Great Eastern, having joined the main length to the shore-end of the cable, twenty or thirty miles from the Irish coast, started on her voyage across the Atlantic. Next day, as we mentioned in our last week's Paper, a telegraphic message was received from the Great Eastern, then lying to, in 1st. 52, long. 10, about eighty miles from shore, to say that some defect had been found lit the insulation of the telegraphic wire. This mischief was supposed to exist about two or three miles west of the shore-end of the splice, and it was believed to be caused by the 0-rest Eastern pulling on her end of the cable with too much strain before the shore-end splice was properly completed. The time at which this message was sent from the Great Eastern was half-past four on the Monday afternoon. There was no apprehension expressed regarding the complete and immediate repair of the damage, and the signals to the telegraphhouse at Valencia continued very distinct. The Hawk was sent out that evening to go to the Great Eastern and see what was the matter, while the Caroline was made ready to pick up the splice, if needful, and repair the fault. Next day a telegram from Mr. Glass, at Valencia, announced that "the cabin was all right there had been a hitch, but all was now right." The Great Bstern, being in list. 52, long. 12, telegraphed on that day (ruesday, the 25th) that "a small fault had been discovered and cut oat; she was now paying out again, and the signalling was perfect; the weather very fine." The nature of the accident was further explained next day when the Hawk had returned to Valencia. In cutting oil the loose ends of the twisted iron wires, which form the external covering of the cable, a tiny shred of such wire had been allowed to adhere to the composition which surrounds the central electric wire at the core of the cable, and having come In contact with the latter, had partially destroyed its insulation. This piece of the cable, however, being submerged at a depth of not more than two miles, could be raised again withoat much difficulty, and, the faulty part having been cat out, a fresh splice could be made. On the Wednesday morning the managing director at 'Valencia made the following announcement

 The Great Eastern telegraphs that the distance run at 11.00 am. today was

110 miles (nautical). The length of cable paid out at 6.50 a.m. was 100 miles

(nautical). The signals are perfect. Weather very fine.

At half-past seven on the same (Wednesday) evening, he agin reported," All well. Two hundred miles of cable wets paid out from the Great Eastern at 8p.m. to-day. All veil."

The following despatches have since been published, from Thursday week to last Thursday

VALPECIA, Thursday Morning (July 27).-The Great Eastern telegraphs that 800 miles were paid out at 5.51) a.m. to-day, and that 111)0 miles were ran. at 9.80 a.m. All Is gong well. The signals are perfect.

VALENOLt, Thursday Afternoon (July 21).-Three hundred and fifty nautical miles of cable were paid out from the Great Eastern at 12.50. p.m.

to-day, and 350 miles were run at 4.51) p.m. Greenwich time. All well.

ON BOARD TIlE GREAT EASTERN, Friday Morning (July 28).-Five hundred

nautical miles of cable were paid out at 10.50 a.m. to-day. The distance

run at 93O a.m., wa 4130 miles. The signals are perfect, Weather fine.

Friday Afternoon (July 28).-650 nautical miles of cable paid out St.

4.10 p.m. to-day. All right.

ON BOARD TUE GREAT EASTERN, Saturday (July20) 10.45 am.-600 miles of cable were paid out at 6,50 am. to-day. The distance run, at 0.50 am., was 600 miles. The signals are perfect.

VALENCIA, Satmuilay (July 29).-Accident to cable. Cause unknown. Total Ices of insulation. No information from, or communication with, Great Eastc-rn. 700 miles paycd out at 1.50 p.m. today.

VALENCIA, Sunday-All is going on well. The fault was removed at

ISO n.m. The insulation is perfect.

ON BOARD TIlE ChEAT ILt.STERN, Sunday, 4.15 a.m,-700 miles paid out.

6130 miles run by Great Eastern. Continuity perfect. lasulaticin perfect.

All going on well.

ON BOARD 'ills OnseT E.&smrnc. Monday Afternoon-900 miles paid uCt

at 1,00 p.m. to-day. 7130 miles run by Great Eaatoru at 7.130 am. All going

on well.

ON BOA DI) TIlE GREAT EASTERN, Tuesday Morning.-1030 miles paid out

at 10.50 a.m. 000 Miles run by Great Eastern at 9.50 a.m. All going on well.

ON BOARD TUE GREAT EAsTnnN,Wednesday Morning-1200 miles paid out at 7.30 am. 1050 miles run by Great Eastern at 0.00 a.m. All going on well.

'VALENCIA. Wednesday, S p.m.-The signals from the Great Eastern

bccr.nje unintelligible at noon to-dcslr. No communication has been had with the hipince, end no Information has been received. Cause unknown.

'VALS'NCLS, Thursday, 11.30 a.m.-No information received from ship..

Cause unknown. No communication with ship.

The Canadians are getting up a petition cal]in on the

Governor-General -to investigate a charge made against the American Consul

at Detroit of having been engaged in secret efforts for the annexation of Canada to the United States.

The announcement is made in a Warsaw journal that the

long-talked-of vchcmo for connecting the eastern shores of the Russian empire with the western coast of North America has been so far matured that it has met with the approval and signature of the Czar. The Iiussiau Government agrees to complete the line as fat- as Nicolmijewsk, the American company t

continue it from that point to San 1"raacisco California
- On Sunday morning some American. and Liverpool tec!1 ye

cfficers captured a banker's clerk who had run away from America with

ICO,000 dollars, the property of his employers. The thief, whose fliim

is Townecod, had been traced to Newhaven In Connecticut, to Havaunah, whence he 'went by the West India mail-steamer to Southampton. From there be travelled to Liverpool, and in the mean time two Philadelphia detectives crossed to England by a New York steamer, and, obtaining the assistance of some Liverpool officers, captured their man at the Ps1icit boarding-hoose. A. quantity of jewellery and 98,000 dollars were found Ca him. Lie attempted to draw a revolver, but the officers dioermed him.
Mc.nii(an is scarcely so interesting as usual, though it has some valuable papers. The most important is Mr. Ludlow's sketch of the Presidents of the United States somewhat one-sided in its apprerations, but as lively and vigorous as most of the productions of title very earnest writer. Jefferson scarcely receives justice; the recent reaction in favour of the long-neglected Hamilton having naturally operated disadvantageously to the statesman who represented the opposite order of ideas. Both were eminent men; but it is Jefferson's

=glo to have comprehended the genius of republican institutions e hi. ivil scarcely diguimd his preference for a limited monarchy: The practical good sense of the American people soon ascertained which of them was to be trusted, and we have no doubt that its verdict will be ultimately confirmed by posterity. Mr. Ludlow makes a strange mistake in calling President Adams a Calvinist: he was precisely the reverse. Professor Catracs, in his paper on negro eurage, discusses the most difficult question of contemporary American politics. It is certain that the President cannot confer the franchise on negroes without a violation of law, and it remains for the advocates of the measure to show that such an infringement is demanded by an imperious necessity. Professor Cairries argues the question very forcibly; but it is one that can only be determined after the most mature consideration. The existence of such difficulties is President Johnson's sufficient justification for continuing to keep a tight grasp on the leading men of the south. -
Mere is very little news from A)nertca in the absence of

new facts, may we speculate upon the fate of the Queen's letter and the shoals of addresses of condolence from England to Anieiioa on Lincoln's murder? Did they all go down in the Atlantic? or are we waiting till the completion of the telegraphic cable to hear that there is some response to the first at least-to an act so spontaneous, graceful, womanly, and Queenly?
fl As most of our readers are probablr aware, the shore-end of the cable, extending 27 miles from land on this side of the ocean, was manufactured separately from the main length of 2300 miles, by Mr. W. T. Henley, of North Woolwich, and was conveyed to Valencia by a vessel belonging to him, the screw-steamer Caroline, which the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company had chartered for that portion of the work. This piece of the cable is the largest and heaviest ever made, weighing above twenty tons to the mile, and measuring 2 in. in diameter, at the shore end, but diminishing gradually, in the last 500 yards outwards, to the ordinary size of the main deep-sea cable, with which it has been joined. The core or heart of it is a cable precisely similar to the main length, but wrapped up in jute yarn, and covered outside by a winding of twelve strands of galvanised iron wires, three wires to the strand, and each wire a quarter of an inch thick. Its strength is estimated as equal to a breaking- strain of ninety tons. Such 'a the

shore-end le
on Saturday, July 15; and, with her insufficient steam-power, had enough to do in getting down the Channel, by screw and paddles, at the rate of six or seven miles an hour; but, when she came off the Land's End; on the Monday, she found the Caroline, which had started ten days before, and had lain weather-bound a week m Falmouth Harbour, unable to proceed without help. The Great Eastern was then obliged to take the Caroline in tow, from the Monday to the Wednesday morning, against a tough south-westerl 'wind and the tremendous swell of the open Atlantic, which, thoug scarcely felt by the huge Great Eastern, almost overwhelmed the unhappy Caroline. There was real danger of her being swamped, or rather dragged under the sea, as she went round the south coast of Ireland on the Tuesday night, the waves continually dashing over her decics from stem to stern, so that the men on deck were up to their waists in water. The officers and crew, who might have relieved themselves by casting off the tow-rope, endured this severe trial rather than fail to perform their part of the great work; but it must be considered that the Caroline was ill chosen for this service, and that, with better arrangements, the shore-end cable should have been safe at Valencia some time before the Great Eastern set forth. As it happened, the tow-rope accidentally breaking when a few miles off the Skeliigs Rocks, at five o'clock on the Wednesday morning, the Great Eastern first arrived alone at Valencia, which is about twenty miles distant, and the Caroline made her way in as soon as she could in the forenoon of that day. The Great Eaatorn, after landing two or three of the official gentlemen oonoerned in the enterprise went into Bearhaven, in Bantry Bay, where she was to lie securely till the Caroline should have completed the laying of the shore end, in readiness to meet the 0-rest Eastern and to form the junction with the main length of cable some twenty or thirty miles out at sea.

 The Great Eastern was accompanied by H.M.S. Terrible and Sphinx, which met her at Valencia, and are to keep with her in her voyage to. Newfoundland. It should have been mentioned above that the Great Eastern was assisted likewise in her start from the Note by another of the Queen's ships, the surveying-steamer Porcupine under Staff-Commander Calver, by whose guidance she was enabls to pass through a deep channel, recently explored and veryseldom used, much more convenient for her than either the Swin or the Alexandra channel, Ordinarily frequented by vessels leaving the Thames or Medway for the North Sea. But we must return to the Caroline, where we left lier, at Pofihonimerum in Port Magee, a narrow inlet of the strait which separates the Isle of Valencia from the neighbouring coast of Kerry to the south. To that remote part of the United Kingdom, thirty -or forty miles west of Killarney, had the Telegraph Construction Company suddenly removed the scene of its operations, which we noticed so lately at East Greenwich and in the Medway prosperously tarried forward under the eye of the London world; yet, by means

the pens of the reporters, and the pencil of our own Artist, the public we now made acquainted with the ininutest details of this mighty work.

The road to Valencia, either from Killarney or from Kenmare and

lengariff, at the head of Bantry Bay was travelled not without some delays by the few persons from London who, having made the best of their way to see the landing of the cable, succeeded in getting there on the morning of Saturday week. The local staff of the Telegraph Construction Company had seen engaged for some weeks past in various preparations on the spot. An encampment of the workmen was here or there to be seen along theroad;

 mess reucs

'of a'lonjthe shore of Dingle

ay towards Cahirciveen, at the foot of the Keragh mountains. The ientral figure in our Artist's sketch is Mr. Watlook, the superintendent )f the works of the Magnetic Telegraph Company, to whom belon the ineconnectingValenciawiththetelegrap]ijosystemthroughoutixeiand.

The poles on which the wire is stretched have, for the most part, been replaced by new and larger ones. It happened, rather unluckily, that one of these poles had been knocked down, some say by "an rmpul. ave Irish cow," others by a drunken Irish car-driver, on the very day the cable was landed, so that the news could not be transmitted to us in London quite so quickly as we should have been glad to receive it, but this defect was soon repaired.

and ntereFiti4L~ the actual landing of the cable __from the ship Caxolin in the small haven at Foilhommerun

esI71ise& This place lies just under and within Bray Read, the mountain promontory which forms the south-west corner of the Isle of Valencia, projecting into the Atlantic Ocean. it is distant six or seven miles across the island from Knightatown, the port, which occZ:..

a

paition on the strait like that of Sonderburg in the Isle of tak f, Lk high grow&d Thduw Cuialjeg

almoot at the extremty-of--the laud A contemporary reporter gives this description of the scenery :-" We now reach nearly at the summit of the last bill slow wooden hut, painted black, and not unlike the summer establishment of some watering-place photographer. This is the temporary office of the Atlantic Telegraph Company. Along the waste land, at some distance to the right, are half a dozen thatched hovels, while a few feet from the grass-grown turf-wail which divides the field containing this office from the cliff, you look down upon the Caroline, which is in communication with the land by a lengthy floating bridge of boats. To the right and left precipitous rocks rise nearly 300 ft. from the sea, so hollowed at each side as to

 Cto the securely-sheltered little haven, which is scarcely a mile M11 end to end, the conformation of a horseshoe. Rugged, steep, and utterly inaccessible, save where a rude and broken path has been formed by the cablemen, these cliffs are studded with wild flowers and ferns, and variegated by large patches of the brightest verdure, which alternate with masses of tangled seaweed and huge blocks of slate and partii-colouxed rock. Butler's Island, a large grassgrown strip of stony ground stretching from left to right, from the far point of the bay, lessens the opening to the sea, and materially helps to shelter this beautiful nook, though, as there is of course neither land nor breakwater between its entrance and America, it will be

=understood that in rough weather it presents a

Ynt appearance to the one it wore yesterday. Then all was

smiling, sunny, and calm. The spectator who, after drinking in the beauties before bun from the heights, scrambled down the rugged path and stood among the men hauling the cable onshore, orbalanced Math and on one of the crags arresting his downward. path, was in a magnificent natural amphitheatre, with toiling peasants, earnest savaaia excited seamen, and eager capitalists for his actors-priests, locsi gentry, electricians, and telegrapbiats for his fellow lookers-on, and the broad Atlantic for his stage. Mr. Creawiok never surpassed the rich hues and bright tints of the rocks and vegetation around; Preth never painted brighter eyes, more supple figures, or more picturesquely artistic costumes than those of the barefooted nymphs assembled to look at Pat or Mike 'helping the tlligrah gintlemin;' Stanfleld never transferred to canvas a more beautiful and varied sea-piece than the one before us. On the highest pinnacle of the cliff, to the right, the country people had planted a succession of improvised flags, consisting of coloured pocket-handkerchiefs, scarlet cloaks, blankets, petticoats, and what not, which fluttered gaily in the breeze, while all round the summit a long fringe of lookers-on stood out sharp and clear against the blue shy, some mounted, some squatted on the ground, dudheen in month, some gesticulating in little groups, and all manifesting the keenest interest in the proceedans of the day. The peasant's notion of the mysterious wire is that it will somehow bring him nearer to the land of promise. Every Irish labourer tells you of the relatives or friends who have prospered in America; and no man or woman here seems too old or feehie to hope

 for the day when their savings will amount to 'five or x pounds, yer honour,' that they may bid the old country good-by and begin the world anew. The telegraphic colours, represented b-v rosettes of red, white, and blue, made and presented bytsdy ca pe T Molvneu

decorated the coats or hats of those immediately interested in t'he en

terprise; and, out of the three or four hundred employed on the boats and shore to assist in hauling the-cable it, it is scarcely necessary to say no two figures were attired alike. The highcollared, swallowtailed blue coat-new, perhaps, before the electric telegraph was invented, said sadly soil ea and threadbare now-worked aide by side with the ragged nondescript garment which had been fustian, but had reached the stage of hardly-kept-together tatters. Shirts which blushed darkly at being exposed; jersies blue, red, and brown; caps and hats of every variety and shape; bare heads, bare legs, and feet, arid arms made up the line. The boats were similarly manned, and continued this line from the stern of the Caroline, some TOO yards off, so that the cable was passed literally from hand to hand from ship to shore." The appearance of this long rowof boats was very striking, and they varied from the smart cutters of the ships end the trim gig of the coastguard to the ordinary fishing-boat of the coast. Besides those which formed the line, having eight or ten men, labourers or fishermen, in each boat, to hand the cable along, there were detached boats passing up and down, with the experienced persons who were to direct the landing-about thirty-five boats in all. On shore, where a trench, 21t. deep, had been cut across the narrow beach and up the face of the cliff, to receive the cable, a hundred or more of the country people, encouraged by the presence of their popular landlord, ltfr. Fitzgeral the Knight of Kerry, were pulling and shouting in their xiah fashion, with the utmost enthusiasm, but with less discretion-for, not being aware that it was necessary to bring in and lodge upon the beach a certain quantity of cable in excess of the distance from the ship to the shore, in order that it might be passed up the cliff and across a couple of fields to the Telegraph House, these Irishmen, as soon as they got hold of the end of the future line of communication with America, threw it upon the ground, and raised a wild "Rurroo!" This was caught and repeated by the crews of the boats, who, concluding that their work was well done, at once proceeded to heave the massive rope into the sea. From at to boat the first bad example was followed by all unt1l to the dismay of the cablemen, who could not gain a hearing amid the continued cheers, every fathom no to the stern of the Caroline was thrown overboard. The result of this touching enthusiasm was that every foot had to be underrun, preparatory to the whole operation beginning tie nose. It took some time to effect this, during which the Irish were silent enough.

 "When the cable bad been underrun, hauled into the boats again,

and the shore end really began to come on land, and was stowed away in gigantic circles at the foot of the cliff, the scene was one of extraordinary animation. Numbers of men were in the water to their waists or shoulders easing the cable over the rocks, while ang the steep path up the cli was a close row of figures, men and boys, of every rank, from the well-to-do farmer down to the poorest cottier, all pulling at the cable with a will, and, as if in atonement for their first fault of enthusiasm, obecinz with silent and almost childlike docility every signal made by MrGla

or Mr. Canning as to when they were to haul or slack away." Mr.

Temple, assistant to Mr. Canning, with another of the staff, as in

the water up to his neck working as hard as any. By twelve o'clock the cable was well up the groove which bad been cut in the face. of the cliff for its reception- and from this mInt the work of carryng its massive coils acrose tue meadows to the Telegraph House= was soon accomalisbed; and at a little before one o'clock the end, taken overroads, liedgea, and ditches,was hronlit close up to the house, or hut, a plain wooden buildin ,already mentioned, which is shown in our fliustratlon on page l24. ere severa of the gentlemen clued7
interested in the great enterprise were assembled, with Sir Robert Peel,

Chief Secretary to the Government of Ireland, and Lord John Bay, who had both come with the Knight of Kerry, having, as well as Mr. Glass, the managing director of the Telegraph Construction Company (and manufacturer of the main length of cable) been the guests of the Knight of Kerry, at his mansion of Glenlears, Knightetown. The simple ceremony with which the cable was introduced to the telgra.ph station has not been noticed by other reporters, but our Artist says, "The cud of the cable was taken up by Mr. Glass and handed to Sir Robert Peel, who passed it through ahole left for the purpose in the

pro host,., WhO IatLon, WSACJ.C it was speedily connected with the batteries in the in etminentroom. A signal was then interchanged with the Caroline, proving that the electric communication was perfect. Three cheers for the Queen were called for meanwhile, and given with Irish warmth. The Knight of Kerry briefly addressed the large concourse of ladies and gentlemen, yeomen and

9asantry, now gathered about him. Ele expressed is gratification. at this auspicious commencement of the work, and called for three cheers for the Atlantic Telegraph gable, and three cheers for Sir Robert Peel. These were most heartily given, and, of course, were followed by a speech from Sir Robert Peel. (se lfluatraie ao-re. He. spoke, with his wonted energy, of the politica~

:ocial, and commercial benefits which wobld be ecured if the cable should prove successful; and, after invoking the aid, of Divine Providence, called for three cheers for the Queen and three for Mr. Glass. In replying, Mr. Glass said that all human skill could achieve had been applied to the furtherance of the object, which he hoped was now near its consummation. Sir B. Peel.haing called for three cheers for the President of the United States, and the Doxology having been sung, Mr Glass formally announced the success of the test that had been just applied, and then the men returned to the beach and filled in the trench in which the cable lay. Soon after twelve the Hawk arrived from Knightatown, and towed the Caroline out of the bay to lay the cable, which was done slowly but safely, under the able superintendence of Mr. Canning, chief engineer of the Telegraph Construction and Main.tenauco Company, assisted by Mr. Henley and Captain White, the officer commanding the Coaatguard stations along this coast, and who has devoted much care and attention to obtaining co±rect soundings along the route to be taken by the shore end. The Caroline started from the bay at 2.10 p.m. (Irish time). The muctration n page 121 iawa the people -watobiñg her front th s]lorL Telegrams were constantly received from the Caroline at Foi]hommerum station, showing that all was. going on. well.

 e page 117 sheirshe seQepUsa af the

-.talegrama, and. the interior of the instrumenJee

attbtation, which will, in fact, remj,in-ik similar state Ot4Lhe whole ocean.ia successfully laid, when th'-lie -will- handed over by the Construction and enance Company to the Atlantic Te1Wh Company, -a the instruments (Professpbnison's) now used, ad&-b1cli are correctlyahown in our present Engraving, will b taken awa and a different description of instrument niaa

of for the general purposea of trangnrusifln of

sagco It was nearly twelve o'clock at night-when a message was received by Mr. Glass that the Caroline had laid the whole of the shore-end cable with perfect ucceae,audthatitselectric continuity was quiteperfect.

On the next day (Sunday week) the operation of joining the shore end of the cable to the main length was performed at- about fifteen miles beyond the most western of the rugged rocks on the coast of Ireland. Here the Great Eastern, attended by the Terrible and Sphinx, was approached by the Caroline, bearing the last half mile of the shore end. The spectators of the work were on bcard the Hawk, a steamyacbt belonging to Mr. G1aa, which came upoñthe scehe as the cable was being drawn from the stem of the Great Eastern to the Caroline. Among those on board the Hawk were Lord John Hay; Six R. Peel, M.P.; the Knight of Kerry, with his daughtets, the
iisses'itzgerald; Captain White, B.M. ;and Captain Hamilton; with Mr. W. H, Russell and M.±. Robert Dudley, who are appointed to be the historian and the artistic illustrator of the voyage of the Great Eastern across the Atlantic. -It L t M Ddl's enl iliad w owe the hutohoe cngrawcd Soon after one o'clock the coils of the deep-sea cable were safely wound on beard the Caroline, and the work of splicing them at once commenced. This was done by stripping both ends of hemp, outside wires, and gutta-percha for a short distance, till the copper conductor of. the line was laid bare, and pared down to a fine 'wedge-shaped point at each end.. The connecting

coucurs were ueu overlapped in the uriu known as a "scarf" joint, and firmly bound together with fine threads of copper wire, till the junction was made even stronger than the main portions of the line. The threads and conductor were then soldered totether thickly, and strips of soft gutta-perebh Eke bands of brown tape, were wound inyer over layer, and their edges closely pressed, so as to - form one homogeneous mass; till a certain thickness wai completed. Then came a coating of insulated ma

terial called Chatterton's compound, and then again

another layer of gutta-percha tpe, until. the whole was ixiclosed in -four rings of the guttaperoha sn& 'three of the compound. The joint was then lermersed in cold water for testing, and, the signals proving perfect , the last protection of hemp slid outside wire was added, and the joint sunk again into tlle sea, that its perfectness as to conductivity and insulation might be ascertained from the extreme end of the whole length of the cable on boé.rd the Great Eastern. It was past fbur o'clock before the last-of these tests was concluded, and in 'every case they proved to be most satisfactory. At 4.80 the signal was given and the last fastenings which held it to the Caroline were cast adrift, and, with a great splash, the final joint of the Atlantic telegraph and the first: thirty miles of its length went down uloicly into the blue water, the 'depth here being 100 fathoms. The Hawk then gave the Great Eastern a parting cheer; the Great Eastern fired a salute of three guns, took a turn ahead, and was fairly off; floating from her trunks she bore the white jeck, an American ensign, the burgee of the compànyi the union jack and American stars quartered, to

gether, the words "Atlantic Telegraph" being

the tail; a red ensign, a union jack, and the French flag; and from her peak the blue ensign, wbiC13 she fliesbecause Captain Anderson is an officer of t' naval reserve. In the five ships thus lying near togethersfl the British ensigns were used, the Cazohie having red, the Great Eastëin and the Hwk hhiC the latter because she ranks as a yacht, and'th9to men-of-war white. Just before the start, the Captain of the Terrible, who was on board the Great Eastern, consulting with Captain Anderson, retimied to his own ship, which presently took her place on the starboard quarter of the big vessel, the Sphinx taking the port quarter; and 'so they 'went awa't* the West. The Caroline had before this turned her bead to the shore, and now the Hawk followed, and soon caught her; the Great Eastern and the men-ofwar, which had been passing out of sight on the horizon, were by this time discernible only by the bank of cloudlike smoke which lay in the golden pathway of the setting sun.

We expect to receive from our Artist; who is on board the Great Eastern, further Illustrations ,of the most interesting scenes in the progress of this grand enterprise.
