ILLUSTRATIONS OF TIIE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. crushed in, was towed to the shore and grounded to preserve her from sinking; Oux Special Artist conunnnicats a few particujars respecting the while the Benton (flag-boat) advanced to meet the two remaining rams, supengagement off Fort Pillow, ppi Itiver, between Federal and Confede- ported by the Carondelet. She gave all her guns in succession to one of them rate gun-boats -" Early on the morning of the 10th (he says) we were aroused and blew up her boilers, which caused her to drift after her consorts, the other by three or four ahots in rapid succession from one of our gun-boats and, making tracks at full speed. The balance of the Confederate fleet, which held hastemng on deck, saw the Southern fleet rounding the point that divides us off, then retired. In addition to the damage done to our boats, the Captain of from Fort Pillow. Four of their vessels came swiftly on under a full head of the Cincinnati was mortally wounded and the Master killed. Three of the steam, two of them making direct for the Cincinnati that had advanced to Confederate steamers are reported to have sunk after rounding the point. The meet them. They were iron-prowed, and handJed as rains. In a few minutes Federal gun-boats have iron-plated sides placed in perpendicular bars on the they were both on to her, striking her with crushing force on her port quarter; timbers, and when in action no one appears on deck but the signalmen, the but before they could get clear she gave theni the contentg of those of her 10vessels being steered from a shotproof pilot-house forwards. The Cincinnati inch guns that could be trained to bear, both of them drifting down stream, was struck on an exposed portion of her frame. The Confederate boats had disabled, towards Fort Pillow, The Cincinnati, whose timbers were completely  their guns on the spar-deck sheltered by cotton-bales.

land. Now, General ifalleck in his reply states that he can give me no flank, such as the probable taking within the next few days of Fort Pillow, facilities to travel on Government transports (there are no others), and that followed by the capture of Memphis. he has laid down a rule excluding civilians from the lines of his army, which I take it that the opening of the Mississippi is not the least important among he is indisposed to depart from in the present instance; yet he would wish me the manymovencentsof the Federal forces; indeed, it appears to me that Peace to enjoy the same privileges that are accorded to American correspondents. and Commerce, hand in hand, 'will float down its broad bosom in the wake of What these may be I am unable, from the tenor of the General's letter, to the flotilla, restoring confidence on their way by recalling the suffering dia ascertain, unless Transatlantic journalists are supposed to provide for their affected to their former avocations. Already numbers of refugees from the transportation by each man paddling his own canoe, The distance from Confederate strongholds below us have penetrated through the submerged Cairo to Pittsburg Landing, which is the nearest point to Corinth, is over forests in "dug outs," and have requested to be allowed to take the oath of two hundred miles, and as I am not in a position to charter a steamer allegiance to the old Government. Their description of the condition of specially to carry me, or swim up the Ohio and Tennessee Rivers, I have Memphis would scarcely indicate that the population is over sanguine as to availed myself of the courtesy of the naval authorities on the Mississippi, arid the result of the struggleprogreBeing orthat its confidence is great in the ultimate success of Confederacy. They say that the more quiet and law-abiding avail myself of the first opportunity that offers itself for reaching Corinth; portion of the people are crushed and held in subjection by the military athobut in the mean time I 'will endeavour to find subjects of interest on the river,  rities, and that hundreds would welcome the appearance of the Federal fleet
On theflrstagewehace an Rugravingaliowing "Je Thompson's Guerrillas THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. Shootinj overnment Boats on the Mississippi," from a Sketch by our Special t who writes regarding it as follows :- This incident happened (From our Special Artist and Correspondent.) I to the boat on which I have established my head-quarters, and the attempt MISSISSIPPI FLOTILLA, near Port Piflow, was made on her from the Arkansaa shore just above the first Chickasaw Blu. 75 miles above Memphis, May 14.

We distinctly saw the rascals, and a strong party was put on shore to capture I Tha last you heard of me was waiting in St. Louis for a reply from Genersi theta, if poadble, but they were too well acquainted with the woods, and Halleck to a request I had made for permission to join his army in front. of escaped. We risk at any moment being fired into from the bank; and the Corinth. Ris answer I have now received, and it is difficult to eterujine unfortunate individual who would attempt to land one and unarmed on a i whether a favourable construction may be put upon it or not; at all events, a. foraging expedition is almost certain to fall into the hands of these ruffians, for yet it has done little to advance me on my proposed journey up the Tennessee such they should be called from their acts. The chivalrous Southern Con- River. All vessels communicating with the grand army of the West are in thu federacy does not appear particular as to the means it employs to attain its employ of the Federal authorities, and there is no route open that t

ends." aware of tlist would enable one to reach the impending scene of conflict by

and the restoration of their former condition of order and prosperity. No doubt Confederacy have asserted every man would do. This extreme measure,

the destruction of property will be great on the approach of the flotilla, but sanctioned by the Confederate Congress, has hastened the flight of many of

this will be simply because the citizens are powerless to prevent it; sad I those who were wavering and created considerable dissatisfaction among those am strengthened in this opinion from a conversation I have had with a Memphis who remain. In all conscience, I have had little to thank some of the Federal merchant who is on the same boat as myself. Possibly, however, these fugitives authorities for lately, and cannot therefore be suspected of any blind partiality; may wish to represent matters to the Federal commander in a couleur de rose yet it would be base and dishonest in me to conceal from your readers that tint, and therefore their statements should perhaps be accepted with consider.. I Secession is in a very bad way just now, and a look into the future does not able reservation; yet I cannot conceive they would fly from their homes and promise much improvement in its condition. The army of the Potomac, that seek the protection of Uncle Sam had not their convictions undergone a change, I should have been with, is reaping its laurels by acres in front of Richmond

• and their confidence in Jeff- Davis and his power to sustain his Government and wiping out the disgrace of Bull Run. Norfolk has fallen; and Burnside, been greatly diminished, with his miniature army, is rapidiy closing his grasp on North Carolina. Fort There is no disguising one fact. The South is now reduced to a general con- Pulaski has been reduced, and (Aiarlesthn may at any hour be attacked by scription, or, rather, force-draughting of men, who apparently, unless compelled, Hunter; while the mortar fleet under Porter and Farragut has achieved a most betray little inclination to take up arms, or "wade waist-deep in blood in important victory in the capture of New OxleanO, the metropolis of the South. defence of the Southern rights," as the Richinoud and other journals in the  The great question in the West is about to be decided in front of Corinth, and,
boiild that place and Richmond fall before the. arrsie of Hallerlc ani

WClellan, I see no further hope for the Southern Confederacy. Tu

resources of the South must fail under this accumulation of disa3ter,

and the prodigal loss of cannon and other materiel of war to which the Confederates have latterly been subjected must sooner or later deprive them of the means of carrying on the contest. I have spoken with numerous deserters, prisoners, and others, and they have, with few exceptions, expressed themselves heartily sick of the war, and state that a feeling of dissatisfaction and weariness is gradually displaying itself throughout the Southern Army. This is hardly to be marvelle

at, when we take into consideration the numerous reverses the Confederates have met with and the demoralising influence they must have had upon the men. If your readers will çance back at the long bat of successes that have latterly crowned the ederal arms, they will notice among the more urominent the following-MiII Spring (where Zolilcoffer was killed), hloanoke, Port Henry, on nelson, Pea Ridge,

ewberne, Sbiloh, Puaski, Fort Macon, Island No. 10, Yorktown, Wifliamsburg, Norfolk, and New Orleans. We know that most of the

• cannon they possessed were taken from Norfolk Navy-yard, and of these they have bet a considerable nunilr, which it will be difficult, or next to impossible, for them to replace, as they have not the means and appliances within themselves to produce them like the North. thev are dependent on outside aid for smallarms, the greater portion of their men being furnished with simple shot-guns or renovated old flint locks, while powder is nearl three times as dear with them as it is with the Federals. We id that each day the North is de,eloping her gigantic resources; all her foundries are busily engaged in themanufactnxe of improved artillery; ironclad gun-boats of models that revolutionise naval architecture, glow upon her ways, and regiment after regiment of well-equipped soldiers flow in legions

 • fiom her States, end the cry is still "They come I" Can the South, inthe face of all this, maintain their ground? I doubt it. She is not wanting in her thousands of gallant men; but I am of opinion, as I said before that her army is growing weary; and this fact cannot be more strcng!Iy demonstrated than by the measure to which the Confederate Government baa been compelled of forced enlistments. Recollect that as yet the Federal army has been composed entirely of volunteers; and, from my. own experience, I believe that, were it absolutely necessary, as many more could be obtained. Again the reinforcements that Beauregard is collecting round him at Corinth are new levies, compare

• tively unarmed, uninformed, and certainly undisciplined, and most of them have been impressed against their inclinations-at least such -would appear to he the case if we may place reliance on deserters and -others. What the effect of .brivgin such men into action will be I leave your readers to judge, though thoroughly believe that when the final battle is fought on the Tennessee it will probably be the most

• desperate of the war. The Western men that will be brought to meet the Southern army are the finest soldiers in the rough I have ever seen, and among them are really numerous regiments that are marvelously -well disciplined for the time they have been in the field. Taking all these facts into consideration, I cannot help coming to the conclusion that Secession is in a most desperate strait.

I have taken my first voyage on the Mississippi, the "father of -waters," and am now living on its broad bosom with the Tennessee -shore on one side and Arkansas on the other. BatI sin wrong musing the word "shore," for there really is none-nothing but submerged forests for miles and miles back, with here and there a clearing showing the locality of a plantation with the roofs of the planter's house and negro quarters dotting the surface of the widely-spreading waters like so many drifting Noati's arks. This is the greatest use the Mississippi has known for years, and materially has it assisted the Federalists in their operations on the river, while to the South it has brought nothing but disaster, washing out their water batteries and swelling every little ,Channel through many of which the Union gnu-boats could not otherwise have passed. Probably I could not have seen this mighty river under circumstances more favourable to impress me with its grandeur, an ocean in volume flowing through a valley of over three thousand miles in extent.

 leaving St. Louis late in the afternoon, I found myself steaming down its rapid current in one of those floating palaces, perfect marvels of steam-boat architecture. On my left lay the flooded lowlands of Illinois, and on my right the foliated bluffs of Missouri reflecting their dark masses deep into the eddying stream, while away in the west crimsoning zephyr clouds, enpuring distant forests and suffusing the firmament with richly g owing tints, sank the sun to rest, "setting his burning seal upon the close of day," Then rose from wood and water a gauzy veil of violettoned mist, exaggerating distances, and making vast and indefinite, in the overspreading gloom, the dark boundaries of forest that marked the course of this giant of rivers. Away we sped, through the portals of evening into the halls of night, anon shooting a red glare from our open furnaces across the black waters, and flashing from the obscurity some island of eccentric form. Hour after hour dlh I sit on the forward guards, waiting for the rising of the moon, and lost in reveries suggested by the occasion. In every drifting snag that passed from gloom to gloom my imagination saw a canoe, and its branches, surmounted by tufts of foliage gave the Indian with his headdress of feathers. The whip-poor-will, callin to his mate from the leafy glades, sounded to =7 excited imagination like the whoop of the red man; and, lastly, when the Queen of Night rose from her bed of cloud, I saw in the silver-fringed masses a perfect group of De Soto and his warriors gazing down on that river which they were the first to discover.

I could not better have timed my arrival at the flotilla off Fort Pillow, for the very morning after my advent, while sitting at breaklast, I was startled bya rapid cannonading all about me. ort Pillow is round a bend in the river, some three miles below where we are lying, and beneath its guns the Qoafederate fleet usually lie for pro. tection. Having been reinforced by some of their boats from New orleans they had apparently determined on a desperate effort to din.

-peose tile Federal squadron, and as I rushed to the stern-gallery I

saw four of their vessels advancing with a full head of steam on, and

not firing a shot, though our boats as th slipped from their moorings to meet them were banging away with eir eleven inches gloriously. lie attention of the Southerners appeared to be at first directed to. words a mortar-boat which lay under the bank about a mile below the rest Of the Federal fleet, and their object was evidently to sink or cap.

were knocked into a disordered heap. We are expecting daily to make in attack upon the fort and try issues with the vesiela that, to speak the tiuth, so gallantly courted combat on the above occasion.

There is a lurking danger to which we are exposed, which is of that treacherous and hidden nature that it is difficult to contend successfnlly against it. Roving bands of guerrillas secrete themselves amid the thick growth on the rising barks (where nob flooded), and every transport that posses down the river is a target for their assassin rifles. Our pilot narrowly escaped being shot the other day from the Arkansas shore. We were steaming along with the stream when suddenly "Crack, crack, crack !" "Whiz, whiz, whiz " made every one jump to his feet. There was the puff of white smoke curling from the trees, and though we made directly for the spot we were not in time to retaliate, but caught a glimpse of the band of desperadoes as they plunged back into the woods. I send you a sketchof these Jeff Thompson heroes, who make no distinction between citizen and soldier, but all alike fall victims to

their murderous toils. F. Y.
tine it before assistance could arrive. The Cincinnati, however, suc

ceeded in getting between them and their prey, upon winch two made

directly for her and the others advanced up the stream towards the Benton and Carondelet. We now for the first time perceived they were constructed to act as rams, for the two first ran into the Cincinnati at full speed, stzi]dog her as it so happened in her must vulnerable

g, and receiving the contents of her entire battery as they did so. et Mound City had now reached the scene of action, and was struck in turn by one of the Confederate vessels, but the effect of her fire was so severe, as was also that of the Cincinnati, that both of the rams hauled off in an apparently disabled condition, and went twisting and turning with the current round the point, obscured in a cloud of smoke. Tugs immediately laid hold of the two Federal boats and towed them in a sinking state, from the crashing effect of the iron prows, to shoal water. In the meantime, the rams that had made for the Benton and Caroudelet were met with a warm reception, one of them getting her boilers exploded, which enveloped her in a veil of steam, and the shrieks out those on board could be distinctly heard in the intervals of firing; she drifted helplessly after her consorts, while the other, in a riddled condition, struck her flag, and would have been captured had not another boat taken her in tow and carried her beneath the guns of the fort. All this time four Confederate gun-boats stood off at a respectful distance, firing at long range and ricocheting their shot all round our neighbourhood; but as soon as their crippled consorts had placed the point between them and us, thinking discretion the better pact of valour, they decided on following them. In addition to the damage done to the Cincinnati and Mound City, Captain Stembal, of the former vessel, was dangerously wounded, one of the Masters killed, and some few of the crew of both boats more or less hurt. A deserter from Fort Pillow, who has just buen taken on board the Commodore's vessel, reports the loa of the Confederates in the action at one hundred and eight killed: doubtless numbers racist have lost their lives from scalding on the boat whose boilers were exploded, The Secessionists apparently relied entirely upon the effect of their rams, for though these had am mounted in embrazurea of cotton-bales they made no use of them, This was probably owing to the terrific fire at close quarters which the Fed&als kept up, making it almost certain death to any one attempting ,to serve the pieces, and some of their gnus, with the protecting bales,
• GENERAL BOTLEIL-Sir J WALSR gave notice that, on the order for

going into Supply to-morrow, he should inquire whether her Majesty's Government had received official information of the threatened outrages on women, by General Butler, of New Orleans, in the event of their treating any United Staten' soldier with disrespect 2-Mr. GREGORY gave notice of a similar question.

Arajrnm&.-Mr. Horwoon gave notice that to-morrow he would ask the

Government whether it was their attention to offer mediation for the purpose

of inciting an end to the war. - - - -
The number of oil-wells now flourishing near Oil Creek, Pennsylvania, the great centre of the trade in that State, is 75; the number of wells that formerly flowed and pumped were 62; the number of wells sunk and commenced is 558: total, 495. The amount of oil shipped to eat. down at 1,000,000 barrels; amount on hand to date, 92,450 barrels; present amount of daily flow, 5117 barrels. The average value of the oil, at 1 dol. per barrel, is l,092,0)0 dole.; average cost of wells, at 1500 dole, each, is 405,000 dole.; machinery, building, &o., from 500 dole, to 700 dole, each, 000,000 dole. The total hunter of refineries is 2,5. The oil sells at 58 cents per barrel at the

wells.-New York sun. -
