ken at least 12,000 prisoners. The correspondents of the New York

Lewepapers asserted that the Confederates had lost altogether 25,000

irisoriers and 15.000 killed or wounded. According to the latest "vs rem New York (to the 8th int.) Generals Grant, Sheridan, and. Wade rere in hot pursuit of the Confederates, capturing prisoners by the

DETAILS OF THE BATTLES.

The New York correspondent of the Tisnc8, writing on the 5th inst., bus describes the opening battles of the great Federal victory ;

Sheridan left in the night (of Tuesday, March 25), with his whole cavalry brce, to make an attempt to reach the Southeide Dnilroad. Most people msglned his destination was Burkeaville the point of junction between the loutbside and Danville roads. He passed Dinwiddie Courthouse on Wednesday morning, all well; but it now began to leak out that he was not going to Burkesylile at all, but was simply engaged in an attempt to turn Lee's right lank. On Wednesday afternoon the rain set in; the roads in two hours were converted into a quagmire, and so, of course, was the country round them. I This delayed big march seriously, revealed the nature of his movement to the enemy, end, ft fact, precipitated the crisis. On the same day the whole army of the Potomac moved out of its old position, except two corps left to hold the intreechmènt, and pushed off in the old style to the left, and bivouaolug that night on the northward side of the Vaughan-road.

It had by this time, doubtless, become apparent to Lee whore Grant was, and he made his preparations to foil him with his usual energy. Pikett'

 division, one of the largest in his sxmy, was sent to look after Sheridan; it

bond him with trains stuck in the mud, his horses in much the same fix,

the men living on hard biscuits and drenched with twenty-four hours' rain. The 6th Corps, under General Warren, had been sent in support of him. It was to seize the White Oak-road and hold it while a brigade of the cavalry pushed into the railroad at Five Forks; but tio infantry did not come up, or was repulsed, some say owing to the rain; others, owing to Warren's disobedience of orders or remissness. Sheridan evidently took the latter view of it, for he relieved him of his command on the following day. As soon as it was disposed of, the enemy flung the whole of Pickett's division on Sheridan. The country was thickly wooded, most of the ground impracticable for cavalry, whose light carbines, if they were dismounted, could do little against the Confederate rifles. Sheridan was pressed hard during the day, losing, perhaps, a thousand men and a good deal of ground, and was only enabled to stop his retreat near nightfall by the arrival of Outer with twofresh brigades. So far the movement had not been very prosperous.

Thursday was a comparatively quiet day. Little was dono beyond skir

mishing. Lee was probaly occupied in massing his troops, while the Federals

were fairly mud-bound. The 5th Corps held a position between Gravelly

Bun and Eatcher's Bun, about a mile north of the junction of the Quaker

road and Boydton read.

At daylight on Friday morning a column composed of Wise's and Johnson's

divisions, and one from Pickett's corps, flung itself upon it, and drove

 Crawford's and Ayre's division in confusion from the field for nearly two miles. They were no's rallied till the a" con' and, then only :_ uth of the Eeydton road. The offnsive was resumed, with the assistanof the ad -Corps, and, after a desperate coseflitu, the enemy was driven In, d at night' fail the Jederal had advanced their position so as to hold the White Oak -road.

TRE BATTLE AT THE FIVE FORKS.

On Friday nght General Grant, dissatisfied, like most other oh

aervors on the Federal side, with the day's business, placed General

sheridan in the supreme command of the whole of Warren's corps and

all the cavalry. The bilhiant contest of Saturds'y is most vividly narrated in the following extract from the report furnished by the correspondent of the New York World:

At- daybreak on Saturday Sheridan fired four signal-guns to admonish

Warrhe was off; and his cavalry, by diverging roads, struck their camps. 3ust th of Cn]pepper is a certain Stony Creek, the tributaries to which d northward and control the roads. Over Stony Creek went Crook, makin the longest detour. Ouster took a bottom called Chamberlain's Bed; an Devin advanced from Little Five For whole driving the rebels towards the left of their works on White Oak rod.

We most start with the supposition that our own men far outnumbered the rebel,. The latter were widely separated from their comrades before Petersburg, and it was a part of our scheme to push them back into their intrench. raent, This work was delegated to the cavalry entirely; but mounted cara. bineers are eo match for stubborn, bayoneted infantry. So when the horsemen were close up to the rebels they were dismounted and acted as infantry. All the afternoon the cavalry pushed them hard, and the strife want on uninterruptedly and terrifically.

Through wood, end brake, and swamp; across field and trench (says the Corroepenoient),weast pushed the fighting defenders steadily. For apartofthetime sheridan himself where, short and broad, and active, waving his hat, giving erdere, seldom out of fire, but never stationary; and close by fell the long, yellow locks of Custer, sabre extended, fighting like a Viking, though he was 'worn and haggard with much work.  ' -

Alter a time Sheridan got overwhelming forces to bear upon the

Southern position, and forced a crisis which is thus finely described

by the same writer, whose descriptions, graphic as they are, must have been penned with extraordinary quickness and promptitude to reach us by the same mail as brings the telegraphic summary of the same news. :Re says ;'-.

Little by little, Sheridan, extending his lines, -drove the whole rebel force

Into their breastworks; then he dismounted the mass of his cavalry and ebarged the works, straight in front, still thundering on their flank. At last every rebel was safe behind his intrenclenjents. Then the signal was given, and concealed infantry, many thousand strong sprang up and advanced by echelon to the right. Imagine a great barn-oor shutting to, and you have the movement, it you can also imagine the door itself, hinge and all, moving forward also. At six o'clock the whole corps column e crash upon the full dank of the astonished rebels. Now came the pitch of the battle. We 'were already on the rebel right in force, and thinly in their rear. Our carsbmneere were making feint to charge in direct front, and our infantry, four deep, hemmed in their entire left. All this they did not for an instant note, so thorough was their confusion; but, seeing it directly, they, sofsrfrom giving up, concentrated all energy, and fought like fiends. They had a battery in position which belched incessantly, and over the breastworks their musketry made one unbroken roll, while against Sheridan's prowlers on their left, by skirmish and sortie, they stuck to their sinking fortunes so as to win unwilling applause from mouths of wisest censure.
IIt17 that $herldan'a little band was

am C

pushed the hardest. At one time, indeed, they seemed about to undergo extermination; not that they wavered, but that they were so vastly overpowered. It will remain to the latest thus a matter of marvel that so paltry a cavalry force could press back 16,000 Infantry; but when the infantry blew like a great barn-door-the simile beat applicable-upon the enemy's left, the victory that was to coma had passed the region of strategy and resolved to an affair of Personal courage. We had met the enemy; were they to be ours? To expedite this consummation, every officer fought as if he were the forlorn hope. Mounted on his black pony (the same which he rode at Winchester), Sheridan galloped everywhere, his flushed two all the redder, and his plethoric but nervone figure all the more ubiquitous. He galloped once straight down the rebel front, with but a handful of his Staff. A dozen bullets whistled for him together; one grazed his arm at which a faithful orderly rode; the black pony leaped high, in fright - and sheridan was untouched, but the orderly lay dead in the field, and the saddle dashed away empty. The fight, as we closed upon the rebels, was singularly free from great losses on our side, though desperate as say contest ever fought on the continent. One prolonged roar of xifie shook the afternoon; we carried no artillery; and the rebel battery, until Us capture, raked us like an irrepressible demon, and at every foot of the Intrenebmenta a true man fought, in front and behind. The birds of the forest fled afar' the smoke ascended to heaven' locked in such mad frenzy, mono saw theul of the closing day, NOW iimond rocked in her high towers to 'we the impending issue, but soon the day began to look grey, and a pale

 oon came tremorously out to watch the meeting squadron--. Imagine

along a line of a full mile +,j-+y thousand men struggling for life and Prestige; the woods gathering about them-but yesterday the home of hermit ]lwi,ka and chipmonhe_now ablaze with bursting shells, and showing in the (look the con of flames in this tangled grass, and, rising up the boles of the

ins trees, the scaling,, scorching tongues. Seven hours this terrible spectacle

ad. been enacted, but the finale of it had almost come.

It was by all accounts, in this hour of victory when the modest and brave General Vintrop, of the first brigbrigade, ,&yre5 division, was mortally wounded,

e 'wasricling along the breastworks, and in the act, as I am assured, of saving

a friend's lire, was shot through the left lung. e fell at once, and his men, who loved him, gathered round and took him tenderly to the rear, where he died before the stretcher on which he lay could be deposited beside the meeting-Louse door.

At seven o'clock the sob come to the conclusion that they were outflanked

sad whipped. They had been so bushy engaged that they were a long time finding out how desperate were their circumstances; but now, wearied with persistent asSaults in front, they fell- back to the left, only to sec four close lines of battle waiting to drive them across the field, decimated. At the right, the horsemen ehared them in their vain attempt to fight "out,' and, in the rear etreggling foot and cavalry began also to assemble; slant fire, cross fire,

and direct fire, by file sad volley, rolled in perpetually, cutting down their

bravest oftcors and strewing the fields with bleeding men; groans resounded

)fl the intervals of exploding powder, and, to add to their terror and despair,

their own artillery, captured from them, threw into their own ranks, from its

id Position, ungrateful grape and can ulster, enfilading their breastworks,

elllzzing and Plunging by air line and ricochet, and at last bodies of cavalry

fairly mounted their intreuchenents and charged down the parapet, slashing and trampling them, and producing iiiextrirablo confusion. They had no ecnmandcre-at least no orders-and looked in vain for some guiding hand to lead them out of a toil into which they had -fallen so bravely said so blindly. A few more volleys, a new and irresistible charge, a shrill and warning commend to die or surrender and, with a sullen and fearful impulse, 0000 muskets arc flung open tle ground, and 5000 hot, exhausted, and impotent seen ore Sheridan's prieouers of war. Thus ended the splendid victory of Five itorke. General yr.Jest it is thought, commanded,
THE BATTLE Bll5'OIlSl roneBinus.  I c

On learning of this success on the extreme left, grant determined I on a general assault along the whole line for next day. The 9th I Corps held the ground from the extreme right of the whole Federal line as far as to the Weldon Railroad, opposite the middle of Petersburg. The 6th Corps, which appears to have been recalled I fl from the left, was oppdsite the remaining part of the Petersburg

works ' next, it would seem, came the 24th the 2nd, and the 5th, b

the whole forming a line of fully twenty miles in length. The!

assault took place at all points at four oclock in the morning of

Sunday, the 2nd of April. It was received with a terrific fire of C artillery from the forts, and with the most gallant resistance on the I P part of their garrisons. But the Federal rush was irresistible. The I 9th Corps on the right, and the 6th on the left, broke through the " lines opposite them, said swept down to each flank, capturing in ' succession the forts by which the line was strengthened. Sheridan, C on his part had, done his work with equal efficiency. From the point t on the Soulhside Railway, which the night before he had seized, he t inirnediately commenced his march eastward, closing in upon Peters- ' burg. So ended the day. Its results were 12,000 prisoners and fifty

guns taken, and the Federals established in overwhelming force within f

reach of the last line of defences of the city. But in the night Lee '

anticipated capture, and evacuated both Richmond and Petersburg,

OCCUPATION OF nnnsnuai AND uromionn BY TB FEDBI1ALS.

On the following da , the 3rd of April, the two towns were entered

by the 'victors, amid te shouts of the secret synipatbisers, so long

 repressed and of the negroes, frantic with soy, who had not yet been permitted the privilege of fighting their deliverers.

Wednesday, April 5, 10.20 p.m.

The following details respecting the evacuation of Richmond and its occupation by the Union forces were telegraphed to the War I Department, Washington, from that city;

General Wietzel learnt, at three o'clock in the morning of Monday, that Richmond was being evacuated, and at daylight moved forward, Ilrst taking care to give his men breakfast in the expectation that they might have to fight. Be met no opposition, and, on entering the city, was greeted with hearty welcome from the mass of the people. The Mayor went out to meet himath to surrender the city, but missed him onthe road. General Weitzelflnds much suffering ondpoveriy among thepopulation. The riohas well asthepoor erodestitute of food. Re is about to issue supplies to all who take the oath. The inhabitants number about 20,000, half of them of African descent. Jefferson Davis left at seven p.m. by the Danviule Railroad, All the members of Congress escaped. Bunter has gone home. Judge Campbell remains here. General Weltzel took here 1000 prisoners besides the wounded. These number 00O, in nine hospitals. He captured cannon to the number Of at least BOO pieces. Five thousand muskets have been found in one lot. Thirty locomotives and 800 cars are found here. The Petersburg Railroad bridge is totally destroyed; that of the Danvifle-road partially, so that connection with Petersburg can easily be made. All the rebel vessels are destroyed except an unfinished ram, which has her machinery in her perfect. The Tredegar Works are unharmed and the machinery was taken to-day, under General Weitnel's orders. Libby Prison and Castle Thunder have also escaped the fire, and are filled with rebel prisoners of war. Most of the editors have fled, especially John Mitchell. The W7&iq appears as a Union paper, with the name of the former proprietor at the head. General Weitsel describes the reception of President Lincoln as. enthusiastic in the extreme.

 In St. Paul's Church, bear the War Department building, President Davis was (according to one account) sitting at the time General Lee's telegram announcing the turning of the Confederate right on the White Oak-road was received. The clergyman had nearly finished his sermon when an orderly entered the church, passed straight to the President's pew, and banded to him the fatal despatch. Mr. Davis immediately proceeded to the War department, thence to the Capitol, and thence to the Richmond and Danville Railroad dflpdt, where he. made the necessary, preparations for the conveyance of his family to a place of safety. He remained in the city until near nightfall, when he left in the 5.80 train.

A letter from Richmond published in the New York 2!imes gives

the following account of Pxesident Lincoln's visit to the late Con

federate capital:

Read-quarters, Army of the James, Richmond, April 4.

,be most Interesting foot to be recorded to-day is the visit of the President

to Richmond. Mr. Lincoln, accompanied by his young son and Admiral Porter, arrived at the Booketta at two In the Malvern, and proceeded at once to the mansion of ex-president Davi,, now the head-quarters of Major

General Weitzel. The arrival of the President soon got noised abroad, and

the coloured population turned out in great force, and for a time blockaded the quarters of the President, cheering vociferously. It was to be expected tbat a population that three days since were in slavery should evince a strong desire to look upon the man whose edict had struck for ever the manacles from their limbs, A considerable number of the white population cheered the President heartily, and but for the order of the Provost Marshal, Issued yesterday, ordering them to remain within their homes quietly for a few days, 'without doubt there would have been a large addition to the numbers present. After a short interval the President held a lewisGeneral Devinz Introducing all the officers present. The President shook hands with each said received the ,hearty congratulations of all. The presidential party, attended by Generals Welteel, Devins, Shepley, and a brilliant staff of officers, then made a tour round the city, drove rapidly round the capital, stopping for a few moments to admire Crawford'e magnillccnt statue of Washington in the grounds of the Capitol, and returned to General Weitzel's headat 6.10. The President and party left Richmond at 6.30 jm. Admiral Farragut arrived here this morning on a flying ylsit and returned to city Point this evening down the James. It is very sat(sfaotory to be able to state that the torpedoes have been removed and that six of our gnuboats are at the present time lying off the "llocketts." The deetroction of property by the fire yesterday is enormous, end must amount to tens of millions of dollars. The dense volumes of emke and the intense heat rendered it impossible to form an adequate idea of the extent of the property destroyed yesterday. The entire business portion of the city is a heap of smouldering ruins, and nothing but the absence of wind saved the entire city from destruction. There is but one feeling of unmitigated disgust expressed by the residents at this - barbarous outrage. It is positively asserted A the
suet this barbarous outrage, et is positively asserted that General Brec]dnridge gave the order that the tobacco and the Government workshops should be set tire to, and the close proximity of other, valuable property rendered its escape from destruction almost impossible. The greater portion of the tobacco destroyed is said to have belonged to Trance and England. A regular mail communication between this and City Point will be established to-morrow, under the superintendence of Lieutenant Parker, who has been stationed at city Point for some time in the same capacity, Lieutenant Parker has taken possession of the old Post Office here, which is well adapted for the purpose. The publication of the Whig newspaper is resumed, under the management of one of its proprietors, who has siwaps been opposed to secession. I inclose the drat copy issued of the reformed journal, which states the circumstances under which its publication is permitted to be resumed. It is gratifying to state that the city is perfectly tranquil, and that the general behaviour of our troops is all that could be desired and has elicited the admiration of the citizens generally.

PURSUIT OF L'S FORCES.

The pursuit of Lee began as soon as his flight from 'Wilsou's

• staten, on the 4th inst., was known. General (*ranb telegraphed

to the secretary of War

:

The army is pushing forward in the hope of overtaking end dispersing the

remainder of Lee's army. Sheridan, with his cavalry and the 0th Corps, is

between this and the Appomettox; General Meade, with the 2nd and 0th,

following. General Orti is following the line of the Southside Railroad. A31 of the enemy that retain anything like organization have gorse north of the Appomssttsx, end are apparently beading for Lynchburg. Their 1ooos have been very heavy. Houses through the country are nearly all used as hospitals for woundcd men. In every direction. I hear of rebel soldiers pushing for borne-some in large, some in small squads, and generally without arena, The cavalry have pursued so closely that the enemy have been forced to destroy probably the greater pact of their transportation, caiseons, and munitions of war. The number of prisoners captured yesterday will erceed 2000. From the 28th of March to the present time our loss in killed, wounded, and captured will net probably reach 7000, of whom from 1000 to 2000 were captured, and many but slightly wounded. I shell continue the pursuit as hmg as there appears to be any use In it.

It will be obaerved'that Lee's precise course was not known. But it

was at least certain that his only route lay westward, and General Grant lost not on hour in directing the pursuit. It seems to have been conducted in three columns. One, consisting of tlio cavalry, with (perhaps) the 6th Army Corps, under the command of Sheridan, was in advance and struck the Danville Railway leading from Richmond to Burksvile Junction, near Amelia Courthouse, about forty miles from Richmond and twelve from Burkaville. General Mends followed on a line a little to the south, commending the 2nd and title Corps. Grant himself accompanied the left wing, consisting of the 24th and Part of the 2bth Corps, metier General Ord, on the direct Burksville road, parallel with the Sonthide Railway, acid which passes through Nottaway Courthouse, about ten miles south-east of Burksville. But it was sot till Tuesday, the 4th, when these positions were reached, that any distinct information 'was obtained of the whereabouts of what remained of the routed army. On the evening of that day Sheridan sent void to eade that if be could get his column up in time he might
;'r or disperse Lee's army, then resting at Amelia Courthouse. On

PZ',ee,day, the 5th, Sheridan was at Jeifersvifle, half 'way between Amelia Courthouse and Burkeavifie, thus cutting Lee off from the

Dnction and preventing his adopting the route to Danville; and the

ederal General, pushing a brigade still further to the left, captured

five guns, 200 waggons, and a number of prisoners. The 2nd Corns

joined him in the forenoon, and the 6th in the afternoon; and Grant

himself, leaving Ord's division, which proceeded to and captured,

Burkesvi]le the same night, moved across the country, at the earness request of his cavalry lieutenant, to be present with the advance. On Thursday, the 6th, Meade received intelligence that Lee was pointing in the direction of Farmvifle, a point on the Lynchburg Railway, about eight miles west of Bnrkesviile. The Federal troops were at this time proceeding in a northerly direction from Burkes'rifle, but their route was at once changed to the north-west; the 8th Coxps, which had been on the right, meantime moving along the rear to the left, to form the extreme left of the line; the 2nd forming the centre, and the 5th the right. The cavalry were on the continuation of the left flank. The 2nd Corps soon became engaged with the enemy, and drove him across Sailor's Creek, a stream which falls mto.the Appomattox river about eight miles north of Burkesville. The 6th Corps, with Sheridan's cavalry, came up about four p.m., and instantly charged. The result was decisive, and six Confederate Generals were captured-Ewal], Xhrsbaw, Button, Corse, Debate, and Curtis Lee-and several thousand prisoners, fourteen guns, and many caissons fell into the hands of the 'victors. For two miles the road was strewn with, tents, baggage, caching utensils, and. ammunition. Several times the enemy appears to have rallied, and. to have attempted a stand behind intrencbments or natural obstacles; but he was successively driven from them, and only nightfall seems to have prevented his utter dispersion or surrender. At this point the narrative for the present stops.

 SOLLA)iOu8.

There had been extraordinary rejoiciugs throughout the North;

and speeches had been made by several members of the Government.

In his speech, Secretary Seward said that, if the people approved, the policy of the United States would be non-interference in the domestic affairs of other nations, and that, if England were just towards the United States, Canada would be left undisturbed.

A serious accident happened to Mr. Seward, in Washington, on

the 5th inst. The horses of his carriage in which be was driving

with his family took fright and became unmans Mr. Seward jumped from the vehicle and fell heavily, on his side, fracturing his right jaw and the right arm above the elbow. The ladies in the carriage sat still and. escaped unhurt Mr. Seward's present condition is represented as favourable.

There has been fighting at Mobile, with varying success. The intelligence is, however, to the 80th alt., and probably the affair is over by this time. Both land and sea forces were engaged in the reduction of the place.

Sherman was still resting at Goldsboro' on the 4th, but was ex-pected to move against Raleigh and into Virginia.

Two new military movements are reported of a subordinate character, but which cannot fail to harass the Confederacy, shoald it survive the blows already received. One, under the direction of General Wilson, is aimed as the heart of Alabama, and then to strike at Mobile; the other commanded by General Hancock, is directed up the Shenandoah Val]ey, for an attack on Lynchhurg.

The Herald asserts that President Lincoln has opened negotiations

with Judge Campbell for a settlement with the South, and that President Davis requested the latter to remain in Richmond for that purpose.

Sir 'Frederick Bruce, the successor at Washington of Lord Lyons, has arrived out.

The Federal negro recruiting commission has been removed from Washington to Richmond in order to organise the negro recruiting in Virginia.

The Federal transport General Lyon, with nearly 600 troops and hands on board, has been destroyed by fire on her passage from Wilmington to Fort Monroe, when over 500 persons perished, including the captain, who, crazed with fear, was one of the first to desert the ship in a boat, which was immediately swamped.

BRITISH NORTH Aˆ[ERIOA.

The- Canadian Government seems determined to enforce their neu

tralit' obligations, desVite the action of the Montreal Court. The

question of the extradition of the St.. Albans raiders will be raised

before the entire bench of Judges. Montreal despatches state that

the raiders had been removed to Toronto, and were expected to be

brought before the Judges there on the 10th inst. Their removal

caused much excitement at Montreal, and it was deemed expedient to

escort them to the railway station by a strong detachment of troops, lest any attempt should be made to rescue them. The Federal Government has, it is said, withdrawn its demand for the extradition of the prisoners, in consequence of the action of the Canadian Executive.
A .correspondent of the Scientific American says that common

brass clocks may be cleaned by immersing the works in boiling water. "Rough as this treatment may appear," he says, "it works well; and I have for many years past boiled my clocks whenever they stopped from accumulation of dust or a thickening of oil upon the pivots. They should be boiled in pure or rain water, and dried on a warm stove or near the fire."

The Boston Traveller states that Professor Agaasiz is about

to undertake a scientific exploring expedition to the tropics, with a corps of

eight gentlemen-the most numerous and effective scientific corps that ever went forth-for the purpose of testing the glacial theory suggested. by him, which, If correct, would enable the observer to mark, as upon a thermometer, the changes in temperature the earth has undergone. The expenses are defrayed by the spontaneous liberality of a. gentleman of Boston, Mr. Nathaniel Thayer, who sent word to the professor, "Select your assistants, organize your expedition, proceed to your work, and send your bills to me."

The memorial to the memory of David Herbert Lleweflyu,

late surgeon of the Confederate Alabama, was last week erected in the parish

church, Easton, Wilts. It maybe remembered that this gallant man refused

to imperil the safety of the 'wounded when the Alabama was athng by taking a seat in the boat with them, and went dowa with the ship amid the balls of the Peflersl Kesrearge. The monument consists of a handsome black marble slab of pyramidal doom, upon which is placed a Latin cross in white marble, of prominent size. At the foot rests a naval anchor and cable, with shot of varying sizes. Leaning against the side of the cross is the wand of lscu!aplns, and beneath is an entablature with the inscription.

The tide of emigration from Ireland shows no sign of ebbing.

Last week hundreds of people, from the grey-headed grandfather to the child in arms, poured into Queeustown for embarkation in the Louisiana, ell route from Liverpool for New York. Hundreds more went by the Lmian steamer. Emigration from Ireland to America has totally changed its eseot. - The Cord Herald says that "when the tender leaves the pier with its human freight a hearty cheer breaks from the emigrants, which is generally responded to on shore, and a moist eye or sorrowful face is seldom seen among the throng."
The Boston (U.S.) G1i.vomcZc states that the University of

Chicago possesses the largest, and it is believed the finest, telescope in the

world. Heretofore Harvard College has held that hotour, but the "Clarke telescope" of Chicago isto the Harvard as 34 to 21-more than one half larger. Its cost was 11,187 dole, for the object-glass, end 7000 dole. for the tube and mounting The focal length of the telescope is 23 ft.

The Russian Government has contracted with Messrs. Collins

and Sibley, two American gentlemen, for an electric telegraph to be laid from

the mouth of the Anioor to California, iui Ilebring Strait The line is to be

opened on the 3rd of April, 1S7P, the permission of the English end American Governments having been already obtained for their respective territories, end every assistance promised by the three Cabinets concerned.
• -, •.-- - - --v---..

AMERICA.

MUI1DEB OF PIThBNT LINCOLN AND ATTEMPT ON Tar L1P1 O MR. SWAItD.

The war news, important a it is, containing notice of the surrender of General Lee, pales before the painful interest of the intelligence brought by the Nova Scotia on Wednesday. President Lincoln has been shot dead in a theatre at Washington, and Mr. Seward stabbed, it is feared morlally, while lying a sick

The murderer of Mr. Lincoln-Wilkes Booth, the broher of the well.

known actor Edwin Booth, and himself an actor-has been arrested; but his accomplice, who made the attack on Mr. Seward, has for the time escaped. The whole of New York is draped in black, and there is general mourning throughout the country.

The following official telegram from Mr. Secretary Stanton has been received by the United States Legation in London

Sir,-It has become my distressing duty to announce t you that last night (the 14th inst.) his Excellency Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, was assassinated, about the hour of half-pest ten o'clock, in his private box at Ford's Theatre, in the city (Washington.) The President, about eight o'clock, accompanied Mrs. Lincoln to the theatre Another lady and gentleman were with them in the box. About half. past ten, during a pause in the performance, the assassin entered the box, the door of which was unguarded, hastily approached the President from behind, and discharged a pistol at his head. The bullet entered the back of his head, and penetrated nearly through. The assassin then leaped from the box upon the stage, brandishing a large knife or dagger, and exclaiming, "Sic semper tyrannis," and escaped in the rear of the theatre. Immediately upon the discharge the President fell to the floor insensible, and continued in that state until twenty minutes past seven o'clock this morning, when he breathed his last.

About the same time the murder was being committed at the theatre, another assassin presented himself at the door of Mr. Seward's residence, gained admission by representing he had a prescription from Mr. Seward's physician which be was directed to see administered, and hurried up to the third story chamber, where Mr. Seward was lying. He here discovered Mr. Frederick Seward, struck him over the head, inflicting several wounds, and fracturing the skull in two places, inflicting, it is feared, mortal wounds. He then rushed into the room where Mr. Seward was in bed, attended by a young daughter and a male nurse. The male attendant was stabbed through the lungs, and it is believed will die. The assassin then struck Mr. Seward with a knife or dagger twice in the throat and twice in the face, inflicting terrible wounds. By this time Major Seward, eldest son of the Secretary, and another attendant reached the room, and rushed to the rescue of the Secretary; they were also wounded in the conflict, and the assassin escaped. No artery or important blood vessel was severed by any of the wounds inflicted upon him, but he was for a long time insensible from the loss of blood. Some hope of his recovery is entertained.

Immediately upon the death of the President notice was given to

Vice-President Tobnson, who happened to be in the city, and upon

whom the office of President now devolves. He will take the office

and assume the functions of President to-day.

The murderer of the President line been discovered and evidence obtained that these horrible crimes were committed in execution of a conspiracy deliberately planned and set on foot by rebels under pretence of avenging the South said aiding the rebel cause; but it is hoped that the immediate perpetrators will be caught.

The feeling occasioned by these atrocious crimes is so great,. sudden, and overwhelming, that I cannot at present do more than communicate them to you.
Yesterday morning (the 14th inst.) the President called a Cibinet meeting, at which General Grant was present, lie was more cheerful. and happy than I had ever seen him, rejoiced at the near prospect of firm and durable peace at home and abroad, manifested in a marked degree the kindness and humanity of his disposition and the tender and forgiving spirit that so eminently distinguished him. Public notice had been given that he and General Grant would be present at the theatre, and the opportunity of adding the Lieutenant-General to the number of victims to be murdered was, no doubt, seized for the fitting occasion of executing the plans that appear to have been in preparation for some weeks; but General Grant was compelled to be absent, and thus escaped the designs upon him,

It is needless for me to say anything in regard of the influence which this atrocious murder of the President may exorcise upon the affairs of this country; but I will only add that, horrible as are the atrocities that have been resorted to by the enemies of the country, they are not likely in any degree to impair the public spirit or postpone the complete final overthrow of the rebellion. In profound gried for the events which it has become my duty to communicate to YOU, I have the honour to be, very respeotfally, your obedient servant

EDWIN M. SmrToN.

In accordance with the requirements of the Constitution, Mr. Andrew Johnson, the 'VicePresident, was, on Saturday, sworn in as President. He said:--" The duties are at present mine-I shall perform them; the consequences are with God. Gentlemen, I shall lean upon you; I feel I shall need your support.! I am deeply impressed with the solemnity of the occasion and the responsibility of the duties of the office I am assuming." Mr. Johnson appeared rethaakably well, and his manner created a favourable impression. The new President has announced that he will make no changes in the Cabinet.

Mr. Hunter has been appointed acting Secretary of State daring

Mr. Seward's illness.  -

WAR NEWS.-SURRENDER OF GIeNSIItAL LEIa

The taking of Petersburg and Richmond was quickly followed by the surrender of General Lee. On the 0th inst. he yielded up his whole force (estimated at 25,000 men), to General Grant. Tile two Generals had been in communication from the 7th as to the terms. Grant pointed out that nothing but surrender was left. Lee, while not agreeing with this, thought it best to stop further effusion of blood, and asked for term q. The terms granted were generous., All 9thCD4 and men were to go free, on parole not to take arm-i again until duly exchanged. The officers were to keep their aifle-armi and luggage;
but all ublic property and munitions of war were to be handed over to the .lfederai authorities, Lee at once accepted the terms, and his arm_y is disbanded.

The joy in the North was, naturally enough very great. The

thau] of the Government were telegraphed to êeneral Grant, and salutes of guns were fired.

The :Northern newspapers assert that Lee's troops had, for the most part, deserted him before his surrender, He will, it is said, do all in IEIS power to promote peace.

.Mr. Jefferson Davis may, perhaps, be of the same mind now; but

on the 6th of April he issued a proclamation from Danville declazixig

that the war would be continued. To all appearance, he will have little support in such a course.

The Federal armies are closing in on Johnston's force, which is the 4mly Confederate army east of the Mississippi. Johnston had evacuated Raleigh, and gone, it was said, to Greemborough. It is not likely, however, that he would be able to hold out there or anywhere else. The report of Federal successes in Alabama is confirmed, and the siege of Mobile is rapidly progressing. Lynchburg, so long the

•bjective point of Fede18 armies, has surrendered to a scouting party.

President Lincoln, in peech which be made at Washington, said

that recent successes gave hopes of a righteous and speedy peace.

Reconstruction would be fraught with great difficulties, which would be increased by any differences of opinion among loyal people. It was "inunaterial whether the rebellious States were considered in or out of the Union;" and "all should join in the acts necessary to restore proper practical relations between the rebellious States and the Union." He added that the "adoption of an exclusive and inenible plan for all the States would become one of entanglement."

The general tone of the Northern press is very conciliatory. The

New -York 2Y,nes, however, recommends "the extreme sentence of the

law" against Jefferson Davis. The Tribune, on the contrary advises that the utmost moderation should be exercised towards the outhern leaders.

Several members of the Virginia Legislature, with the assent of the Pederal authorities, who promised safe-conducts to the Governor and *members of the State legislature, had issued a summons for an extra

rdinary session to learn and consider the terms upon which Virginia

lasy be received back into the Union.

Fresident Lincoln had issued a proclamation closing all the southern

ports, with a few exceptions; and another threatening retaliation on the vessels of war of foreign. nations 11 the restrictions on American 'wax-ships consequent on the recognition of the Southern Confederacy as belligerents axe not withdrawn.

Secretary Stanton, after consultation with Grant, has decided to stop all draughting and recruiting; to curtail all purchases of arms, ammunition, and supplies; to reduce the expenses of the military establishments and the number of general and staff officers to the actual necessities of the situation and to remove all military restrictions.
THE NEW FORT AT SANDY HOOK IN THE BAY OF REW YORK.

WE present a View of the new fort lately erected. at the entrance of

the Bs of Now York, near Sandy Hook. It is built with all the

recent improvements, and is capable of mounting a very large num

ber of guns. It completely commands the entrance, and would. deal dtruction to any vessels attempting to pass for warlike purposes. There is scarcsly perhaps, any city in the world better fortified than New York. for, independently of the fortifications, the navigation is most dicuJt for ships of, large draught of water, so that it is doubly seemed sainst invaders. Our Engraving is from a sketch by Dr. Ucory J. Rogers, late in the medical service of the Federal army.
Ts twice-chosen Chief Magistrate of the United States of America has died by the hand of an assassin. From castle and from cottage, from the halls of the Legislature, from the mart of commerce, from the hearthstones of English homes has gone forth one shout of execration of the deed, and the first ship from our shores goes forth bearing every form of our condolence with the American nation and with those dearest to him who has fallen. It is no idle phrase to say that the news of Wednesday sent a shudder to the great heart of our people. That news came at a moment when we were awaiting tidings of amnesty, peace, and conciliation. The supreme efforts of the Confederacy had been made, and. the tidings of the fall of Richmond and Petersburg had been followed rapidly by the information that the gallant Lee had laid down his arms and was using his best endeavours to terminate a struggle that had become hopeless. We knew that the President had resolved upon a policy of mercy, and we believed that he was encouraged to it by the re-awakened good feeling of the victorious party. At this instant, when the thoughts of all anon were upon the restoration of peace and the healing of the rankling wounds of four terrible years, came the fatal tidings that the man in whose honest hands the good work lay had been basely murdered by a mountebank. While we write, the excitement of the news is strong upon our thousands; and, as the lion lays his bead to the ground when be would have the thunder of his voice roll the furthest, the indignant cry grows deeper and deeper as the utterance comes from the masses of the people. Their leaders have spoken for them, nobly and well; but they will also speak for themselves; and if America ever doubted the brotherly heart of England, the doubt will be done away for ever by the messages now hastening across the Atlantic.

 It is not now the time to record that Abraham Lincoln, who had to make his difficult way to the confidence of a large portion of his own countrymen, had also received justice from all save an angry section of the English people. The proof that he had done so may be seen in the mode in which his latest acts and speeches had been received here. We fully recognised the honesty, courage, and perseverance of the chosen of the American people; and there was something in his calm self-possession and quaint but not unkindly humour which has endeared him to the large mass among us. We, no more than our brethren in. the States, all consent to be represented bysectional organs, and the real journals of England, speaking for her people, have always paid becoming tribute to the character of Mr. Lincoln. If we mention this at such a moment, it is to prevent the possibility of our present assurances of sympathy being assigned to a temporary feeling. Let the publications of the ten days previous to the arrival of the melancholy tidings be our witness in this matter.

While we have ample details of the appalling crime and of the kindred atrocity which has but too probably given Mr. Lincoln a companion in death, in the person of his ablest adviser, we have no information as to the manifest conspiracy and the supposed accomplices. That the fierce anger of the American people will hunt out all evidence of the guilt, and will deal the swiftest doom, is certain. Ornnirfisriis serrea'it &isiria jastis. The brutality whioh made its way, with a lie in its mouth, to the presence of an unsuspecting man, seated beside his wife and engaged in harmless relaxation from political toil, and, without warning or challenge, basely slew him, is worthily paralleled by that which sought a sick man in his bed, mutilated, in one case nearly to the

Master Willie Pape has received an invitation to appear before Lord Wodehouse at Dublin Castle during the Exhibition.

-, coca

The Queen has approved of Mr. W. Clifford Knight as Consul at the Cup of Good Hope for the King of the Belgians, The Queen b alas approved of Mr. Freeman . Blake as Consul at Erie, Canada; and of Mr. B. Knight Sperry as Consul at Baxbadoe8, for the nitod States of America.

Mr. Bright, M.P., has received a communication frcnn Boston. U.S., with reference to the probable supply of American Cotton this year. 'y

writer says that, after careful inquiry, there will on the termination of th.e war be 2,500,000 bales available for-purposes of trade and manufacture aa& then adds, ' I regret very much the probable results. The decline In price

will seriously impede the reorganisation of :free labour and check the produc-tion in other countries, perhaps restoring tous e'rnttually too great a moaopolT

of the 'upj.ly of cOteOn."
death, the family around him, and. stabbed. him amid. th

screams of his little child. It is. not, impossible that the first

mail may tell us that the assassins have already been dealt

with. For the honour of human nature we will hope that they have had no accomplices, or, at least, none of higher social position than themselves. But it were rash to say what mad.ness, generated by recent event, may not have causel. Of one thing we take leave to be certain-namely, that were the two wretches delivered over to any dozen of Confederate gentlemen, the fate of. the miscreants might, perhaps, be sterner, but would certainly not be slower, than that whiek may have already been theirs in Washington.

At this time it is but for us to join, with all our heart, in the

expression. of indignation and sympathy which has gone forth,

and to add our earnest prayer that the foul deeds which hare been, done will have no, bindering influence; that it may please Providence, who had seemed to have willed that events shoul& turn the hearts of the Americans towards peace, will permit the good work to be accomplished; and that the last sacrifice of the expiring war maybe the strong, brave, good. mail who has died for his country in her hour of returning tranquillity.
It is impossible to speak with exaggeration o the intense grief and indignation with which the news of the assassination of Me. Lincoln woe received in England. In London the feeling was profound. Upwards of sixty members of Parliament signed an address of condolence, which was presented to Mr. Adams, the United States representative at our Court; and cc Monday next, as will be seen by reference to our Parliamentary columns, both Hoeses of Parliament will Lornially express their sorrow and indignation at the crime. On Monday next a meeting of Americans in London will be htid at St. James's Mall-Mr. Adams in the chair. In Lirerol the oxpresskesuf grief and indignation were general, and a reqaicition was got up to the Maser to rail a meeting to glee public utterance to the general ecatireuses. In Norwich. s'o, and, iud-n.l. ii -almost every similar feeling

a.huwn. In Ma cli ursteps baa's t;aa. I u eaili:iy a pstsbu meeting

TBIe ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN.

End RUSSELL gave notice that on Monday next he would move that a humble address be presented to her Mnjcty expressing the sorrow andindignation of the House at the assaeine.tion of the President of the United States, and praying her Majesty to cause the expression of feeling to be forwarded to the Government of the United States.

The Earl of DERBY hoped the noble Earl would ascertain that there was nothing informal in the motion which would render the result in any degree doubtful. With regard to the substance of the matter, he would say that the expression of regret of the nation's sorrow and indignation at the assassination would, in his opinion, not only meet with the unanimous assent of all mainhors of this House, but that it would represent the opinion of every man, woman, and child in her Majesty's dominions (Cheers).

Earl RFSSELL said he thought there would be nothing informal In the motion calculated to give rise to objection to it (Hear, hear).

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TRuBSDAY.

THE ASSASSINATION OF FItOISthENT LINCOLN.

Sir 0-. GREY said that, in order that the House might have an opportunity

• of expressing its feelings with reference to the assassination of the President of the United States, be wished to give notice, on the part of his noble friend at the head of the Government, that, on Monday next, he would move an

• humble address to her Majesty, expressing the feeling of sorrow and indignation with which the House had heard of the perpetration of that atrocious crime, and of sympathy with the Government and people of the United States.

RI BUDGET
THE AMERICAN IRONCLAD MONADNOCK.

W have been favoured by Commander Urmston, of H.M.S. Styx,

now stationed in Hampton Roads, off Fortress Monro, with the sketch

we have engraved, showing the Federal ironclad Monadnook, one of the best of the Monitor class of vessels, as she appeared when towing the Mohican gun-boat, which had brokén down in a gale off Cape Hatteras, on the coast of North Carolina. The Monadnock, which is named after a picturesque mountain in New England, took a leading part in the bombardment of Fort Fisher, and was specially commended by Atbniral David Porter for her services on that occasion. After the fail of Wilmington, the Monadnock was ordered up to the James River, Virginia; but a firstclass gun-boat, the Mohican, was sent down to convoy her thither. When they arrived off Cape Hatteras a gale sprang up, and the Mohican broke down; but the Mouadnoclq which had stood the gale much better than was expected, was able to take the gun-boat in tow, and brought her along, it is said, at the rate of seven knots an hour, against a head sea, which is such a feat as no vessel of the kind has ever performed. The Monadnock is a doubletmretd vessel, plated with iron 6 in. thick over the sides and 10 in, thick over the turrets. Her length is 260 ft.; breadth of beaui, 58 ft.; depth of bold, apparently, 17 ft.; draught of water, 12 ft. Her engines are of about 600horse power. She carries four guns of lö i,n. calibre, throwing 600 lb. shot, with a charge of 60 lb. of powder, or 480 lb. shot, with 85 lb. of powder. She in esteemed by the Americans as a model for their future navy.

Denmark.' is itsor

And so, in spite of Mosby and his roosstroopera, in spite of goerrillas.

and bushwhackers, 'all New York cries Cansune;mrt-uns eat! "It is finished." Panting and bleeding lies the outh, victorious and exeltant is the North, and, let us say it with all respect, not without some grim generosity in her triumph. Slavery will remain as it is,. stabbed to the heart by an Act of Congress, and to die oat slowly

a general amnesty, not even excluding Jefferson Day-is and Mr. Benjamin, will pardon all. Southern officers will return to their homes with their side-arms, and bound by their parole; trade will be reassumed, and the energy of the South turned from making gunpowder and cannon to growing cotton and tobacco; but, nevertheless,, does not everyone feel that the spirit of the South will be broken for ever? Alas I cry they, might is stronger than right! Louis Qnatorze was right when he said that the God of Battles was always on the, side of him who had the most louis d'ors; and as a conquered dependency surely that vast Confederation will never thrive. But America, too,, will have her Poland, or, if she like it better, her Ireland; and it in to. be hoped, having that sore in her side, will talk less about the cruelly of her "stupid old Erandmother." Poor Robert E. Lee! Many a braveheart sides with the conquered rather than with the conqueror, and is of Cato's opinion regarding victory. And in Canada we must look out. Americans tell us that in New York the invasion of the British provinces is looked to as being as certain as the Presidential election, or the return of the 4th of July. By-the-way, will not Longfellow r t mi his claims for being a prophet? It is now two years since.

e wrote of those who went down with the Cumberland

Ho! brave land! with hearts like these,

Thy flag, that is rent in twain, Shall be one again, And without a seam!

Dark days gloomed for the Republic then; but what he said now bida fair to come true.
TEE LATE CONFEDERATE WAII-STEMER TALLAHASSEE,

1i our Journal of the 2nd of April, last year, was an. Illustration of the lace across the British Channel, from Dover to Calais, between one of the paddle-wheel steamers of that line and the Atalanta, a new steamer designed by CaptainT. E. Sy1nonds, RN., on the twin-screw-propeller system, and built by Messrs. J. and W. Dudgeon, of Cubitt Town,

fillwall, for the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company. The

Atal ants, which easily got over the distance in seventy-seven minutes,

leaving her competitor far behind, is the same vessel that was afterwards purchased by the Government of the Confederate States of America, and named the Tallahassee, from a place in Florida. Her extraordinary swiftness and her power of rapid evolution-being able, by reversing one screw, to turn quite round her own centre in a space little more than her own length-have made her a moat efficient inrtrnmeat of maritime warfare. In the autumn of last year she perpetrated a vast amount of damage to the commerce of the Northern Stateshovering sometimes for weeks near the entrance of the harbours of New York and Philadelphia, thereby capturing, plundering, and, burning a great number of American vessels, arid even the pilot-boats of New York, while it was utterly hopeless for any of the Federal ships of war to attempt to catch her. This career of not inglorious mischief came to an end some two or three months ago, and the Tallahassee has been disarmed and disposed of once more to private owners. She was lately brought to Liverpool, and is now being refitted, under the name of the Amelia, for ordinary commercial purposes. We give an Illustration of the present appearance of this celebrated vessel. She is built of iron, 200 ft. in length, 24 ft. in breadth, and 14 ft, in depth, with a burden of 500 tons. There are two engines, independent of each other, arid each of lOO.borse power, making from 100 to 120 revolutions a minute. She is an admirable sea-boat, never rolling, and keeping entirely dry. The superior advantages of the twin-screw principle, which have been repeatedly proved by such examples as this, are clearly explained in a scientific essay read by Captain. S mends at the Institution of Naval Architects last year, and which. has been lately published.
AMERICA.

The steamers Edinburgh and Moravian bring news from New York to the 22nd ult.

President Lincoln's funeral w5 solcmmsed with great state at Washington on the 10th nit. A procession of civil military, arid naval ofilcers, including President Johnson, General drant, Admiral Farragut., Butlers and the foreign Ministers followed the reinainS Business was entirely suspended throughout the North. The body of the President was removed from Washington on the 21st ult., and arrived in Baltimore at ten o'clock. From the railway station in thelatter city an immense civic and military procession attended its conveyance to the Exchange, where it remained until two o'clock in the afternoon. Thence it was conveyed to Harrisburg, reaching there in the evening. Next day the body would arrive at Philadelphia., and remain there till the 24th ult., whence it would be taken on to New York, arriving on the morning of the 24th. The remains would lie in state until the hour for the grand procession to move on the following day. Thence the body would be taken to Albany, Buffalo, Cleveland, Columbus, Indianapolis, and Chicago, to Springheld, public honoms being paid to the remains in each place.

All civil, military, and naval officers have been ordered to wear mourning for Mr. Lincoln for six months.

We now learn how deep and universal were the horror and grief throughout the northern states at the assassination of Mr. Lincoln. The foreign Ministers have sent a deputation to convoy. to Mr. Lincoln's family expressions of their ympathy; the Briish and French residents in New York have held a meeting, at which resolutions expressive of deep sympathy were passed; and the Confederate prisoners at Point Look Out have passed resolutions of abhorrence atMr. Lincoln's assassination, and expressing sympathy for his family. Of the feelings oalled forth in this and other countries by the atrocious deed some mention is made in other parts of this Journal.

 Mr. Seward, by latest accounts, was better, and he sat up for a short time on the 18th alt. Some bandages and wires around his neck, for the support of his broken jaw saved him, it is said, from fatal wounds. It is even premised that the wounds did him a service; for, upon the same evening on which the attack was made, the s

surgical attendants had decided to lance his cheek, in order to relieve it from an extraordinsxy pressure of blood. Mr. Frederick Seward was also improving. He has regained consciousness.

Booth, it appears, is still at large, but the man supposed to have

i-ten his accomplice, and who made the dastardly attack on.

Scwnrd, has been arrested at Washington. His name is Surratb, and Mr. Seward's cervants axe said to have identified hire. It is also said that a resident of Baltimore has confessed to complicity in the design arid been arrested, but there is really no trustworthy inteliien.ce o tither of the villains. A large reward has been offered for th.ex discovery. The assassin of the President left behind him a hat and a

Fpm. The hat was picked up in the President's box, and has been itkiilified as one belonging to the suspected man Booth; the spur had dropp€d upon the stage, and that also has been identified as one procured at a stable where the same man hired a horse in the evening. A letter of Booth, written several months ago shows that be was plottug the capture of Mr. Lincoln, but gives no intimation that he contemplated assassination.

The Diplomatic Corps have visited President Johnson. Baron Gerolt, Prussian Ambassador, read an address of condolence, and expressed hopes, for the early re-establishment of peace and the mainteimnce of friendly relations with foreign Powers.

Sir Frederick Bruce has presented his credentials. He expressed deep

sympathy at Mr. Lincoln's death, and said that her Majesty had

nothing more at heart than to cultivate relations of amity and a good

understanding, so long happily existing between England and Amenca. In this spirit he was directed to perform his deities. Mr. Johnson expressed 1easure at her Majesty's friendly sentinieuts, and said that the interests of civilisation and humanity required that

Bgl.. and America should be friends. He always accepted it as an hoaouraljle fact that the Queen was a sincere and honest well-wisher of the United States.

President Johnson has made several speeches in reply to the addresses of delegates from different parts of the Union; but he has

- afforded no definite indications of his policy, though be has repeated

his declaration that treason is the highest crime, and that traitors

• must be punished.

It is alleged that Mr. Johnson's intoxication oil the day of his inau

guration as Vice-President was a most exceptional occurrence, the
combined result of natural excitement and two glasses of spirits taken by medical advice. It is axmed that Mr. Johnson is not a dramdrinker, but habitually a sober man in the strictest sense of the word.. We gladl7 take this view of the case. Still, the fact must weigh against him that he suffered himself to be "overtaken" (to use the mildest euphemism at one's command) on such an august occasion. From the memoir of the new President-given, with a Portrait, in. another part of this Journal-it will be seen with what energy he raisc. himself, step by step, from his originally obscure condition; and it is to be hoped, for the welfare of his country as well as for his own credit, that his good genius will not desert him now that he has attained the summit of man's ambition. President Johnson evidently feels the weight of responsibility cast upon him, and has borne himself with a dignity and prudence which are reassuring.

Mr. Johnson having vacated the vice-presidency, the office devolves upon Mr. Lafayette S. Poster, of Connecticut. According to the laws of the United States, in case of the death of both the President and Vice-President, the President pro tompor of the Senate becomes Chief Magistrate.

The greatest order continues throughout the Northern States.

General Anderson formally replaced the United States flag on Fort Sumter on Friday, the 14th nit., when the Rev. Ward Beadier and others delivered patriotic addresses.

0 corral Lee has arrived at Richmond, where he was enthusiastically received both by the Unionists and Confederates. Lee's farewell order says that, after four years of arduous service, marked by unsurpassed courage, the army had been compelled to yield to overwhelming numbers and resources, and. had surrendered to avoid useless sacrifice of life,

it is reported from Richmond that Mr. Jefferson Davis and his Cabinet have reached Augusta and established a Government there, preparatory to flight to the Transmississippi Department.

The surrender of General Johnston, which, under existing circum

stances, could not long be delayed, is announced, but not as yet upon

-what appears to be trustworthy authority. Mosby also is said to have laid down his arms, and Rosser is stated to have made propositions to the sauce effect. After a series of hard flghs the Confederates were driven from the outworks of Mobile, and on the 12th ult. it was found that they had evacuated the place. This was their last seaport. An expedition from Charleston has destroyed 1000 bales of cotton, and all the railway bridges between Columbia and Florence,

and his brought in 2500 slaves. 5000 more are waiting to come in.

The latest quotation of gold at New York was about 49 per cent

premium.

The New York Chamber of Commerce has passed resolutions of

condolence on account of the death of Richard Cobden. BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

The murder of President Lincoln has called forth in the British Pro

vinces the utmost indignation and numerous expressions of deep sympathy with the Northern States at their bereavement. The Governor of Nova Scotia, in consequence of the assassination, postponed his intended visit, and recommended the adjournment of the Legislature as a mark of sympathy. The day of the solemnisation of President Lincoln's funeral in Washington (the 19th nit.) was observed in the principal cities of the provinces by a partial suspension of business and

the closing of the public buildings. -
The detectives at Queeiistown arrested one of the passengers

by the Edinburgh who bore a resemblance to Booth, the assassin of Mr.

Lincoln, and the telegraph carried to all parts of the country the startling

announcement that Booth had been captured. It turned out, however, that,

the unfortunate prisoner was Mr. Oldil, who is described as "bearing an extraordinary likeness" to the murderer. He has, of course, been set at liberty. -

.-. .5

The horror which the murder of Mr. Lincoln has excited i

England is being daily expressed in one form or another. The Queen has 'written a letter of sympathy to Mrs. Lincoln; and both Houses of Parliament have, at the instance of the Government, addressed the Crown, asking that the sentiments which animate them may be known to the Government of America. Besides the two large meetings held in St. James's Ball, of which particulars are given elsewhere, the working classes of London met, on Thursday, at St. Martin's Ball, and passed addresses of condolence with Mrs. Lincoln and the American people. Meetings for a similar purpose have been held in every important town in the kingdom. The usual spring county meetingtin Scotland were, with one or two exceptions, held on Monday. At nearly all it was resolved to transmit to the American Minister in London addresses expressive of the sorrow and indignation with which the commissioners of supply and. justices of the peace had learned the news of the assassination of President Lincoln, and of their sympathy with the American people under that calamity.
the Treasury, vacated by the retirement of Mr. Fessenden, is a native of Kennebunk, York County, in the Slate of Maine. He was educated for the legal profession, and, in 1838, removed to Port Wayne, in the State of Indiana, where he has resided above thirty years, filling atone time the office of Probate Judge. But he soon. left the. paths of legal practice and judicial promotion for the banking business, and became cashier of the Branch Bank of Indiana at Fort Wayne He was subsequently

• made one of the Board of Control

of the State Bank system of that State and it is asserted by his frienà.s that there was not one of the- measures devised for the secu

rity and efficiency of that system

but was inspired or shaped by his sound judgment and fluncial magacity. He early established a reputation as a skilful and most reliable financier, which each suc-ceeding year enlarged; and on the

incorporation of the State Bank in Indianapolis, with its twenty branches, in 1856, he was made president under the most en-: conraging auspices, and, despite' the crash'of 1857, gave a character, to the banks of Indiana which made, unmistalab1y, a favourable impression on financial circles. When the office of Comptroller of the Currency was instituted, he was recommended for it; with genetal uiithity, and the moneyed interests of the country felt that in his hands the conversion of the State banks into national institutions was entirely secure. This great financial revolution, by which the national currency is passing from under a divided, irregular State control to that of a national system which is to secure a uniform American currency has been superintended by Mr. M'Culloch. Already five hundred of these State creations have assumed thepreaxof national banks, and the change is going on rapidly and healthfully. That much of this is due to the tact and masterly management of Mx. WCufloch those best qualified to ju4ge will readily concede. Mr. M'Oufloch had agreed to take the

Kosi~on of president of the Fourth

ational Bank of New York, with

its capital of 4,000,000 dols., organised by a number of the leading men of that city, but they reluctantly released him on finding that there was a general conviction that the oce of Secretary to the Treasury could be placed in no more efficient hands.
J.UidW.O.

It so happened that the moving of the address to the Crown expressing the opinion of Parliament with regard to the murder of the President of the United States was concluded in the Commons before it commenced in théLords so that a very slight increase of activity enabled any who chose and had the privilege, to bea witness to both ceremonials. There was this disadvantage,, howeverthat the pro. ceedings in the Upper House were dimmed and dulled by contrast. In any case however, and without the drawback of comparison, every spectator must have been sensible of utter failure. In that large gilded and many-hued chamber Earl Russell's voice is painfully inadequate to the area 'which it ought to fill and when lie appears, as he does during half his speeches, to most of tliosa who are ettiving to listen to hire, to be going. through an operation akin to that by means of :which intercommuncation is held with the deaf-and-dumb, the effect is' indescribable. This time, what was heard was characteristic of that cold, hard, unsympatbising style out of which he never has been routed, except in a few cases when his personal ambition has been involved or his personal vanity wounded. What need was there of a long dissertation on questions of policy, actual and tentative, and

of half-insinuated political distrust, when the subject was the denun-ciation of a great crime? But why dwell on this painful failure when

one has to speak of one still more conspicuous and, moreover, most surprising? What evil influence came over Lord Derby's spirit at

 • such a moment, when the springs of his naturally generous heart should have been overflowing? Was it that an unconscious distaste for his task lurked in his mind? For unless that were so there can be uo accounting for the bad tone, the mistakes in illustration, the absence of spontaneity in the right, and its intrusive presence in the wrong, places, even for the deficiency of eloquence, which he displayed. In fact, it seemed as if he looked at the act which he was called on to denounce purely in its political and not in the least in its personal phase, and was doing violence to Us poiiiicai proclivities in condemning it. Any way, he never has appeared to less advantage; and it were as well if the 'whole proceeding in the Peers' had never occurred, for all its appropriateness to the occasion.

It is quite certain that if Lord Pa]xnerston had been able to perform the function of condolence in the Commons, that it would have been done corrrctly-with tact and with due, if without pronounced, el? set. As senior Secretary of State, the deputy-leadership was for the nonce with Sir George Grey; and in a certain sense he was successful, although in another sense he could hardly have been considered so. If he was wantisg in the dignity, the measured solemnity, which was fitting to such an exposition of the feelings of the House and of the nation, he was abundantly earnest, emotional, and almost inipassioned; so that though his speech was here and, there faulty, and as a whole not particularly Well constructed or conceived, he was manifestly real, and what he said came direct from his feeling; and even in such an assembly as the Rouse of Commons genuineness is not always unacceptable. In marked contrast to Sir George's address was that of Mr. Disraeli. In its conception and arrangement, in delicate touches, in happy illustrations, and in its whole spirit, it was admirable-indubitably the very best thing of the kind he has ever produced; but the manner, the voice, the pose, the gesture were all so artificial, that the mud of the listener was inevitably awakened to the palpable evidences of elaborate preparation in the speech itself, which, had. it been uttered naturally and simply, would. have been an oratorical triumph of no mean Or&r; but, after all, it seemed to spring from impulses and feelings so creditable and so sympathetic that, with as much eurpriac as pleasure, the universal House applauded it with cheers the ring of which was of the true kind, and which must have been peculiarly agreeable to Mr. Dirndi, then whom no one could better

 understand their quality. -

U? '*5. sau urn 140

THE MURDER OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN.-ADDI1 EBB TO T CROWN.

Earl RUSSELL moved an address to the Crown expressing the sorrow and indignation with which the House had heard of the assassination of Mr. Lincoln. Re believed that the motion would receive the entire concurrence of their Lordships. Having stated that her Majesty had written an autograph letter to Mm Lincoln condoling with her in her bereavement, the noble Earl observed that no such crime had been committed in modern times as the murder of the twiceelected President of the great American Republic, who had borne big honours meekly; had displayed so much integrity, sincerity, and straightforwardnesS, and. had clone so much to alleviate the miseries of war; and who appesreddisposed to follow up the success achieved by arms by p. wise, conciliatory, and generous policy towards the South. He was sure that there was in this country a unlveral sympathy with the United States in their great depriva. tion, as well as a hope that the successor of Mr. Lincoln would follow the example of moderation set him by Ida predecessor. Ho trusted that the policy of neutrality 'which had been adopted by her Majesty's Government in reference to the civil we r, and the inodecation which had characterised that of the United States towards this country, would continue; and that this special proceeding of Parliament would have the effect of convincing the people of America that every class in this country felt the deepest sympathy with them in the loss they had sustained.

The motion was seconded by the Earl of DEarer, who said that the Rouse, in

expressing its sorrow and indignation at the atrocious crime by which the United States had been deqrivcd of its chief magistrate, only followed the universal sympathy which prevailed from one end of the country to the other; end such an expreasiop of feeling must prove a complete refutation of any idea or impression which might lurk in the mind of the people of the United States

• that any unfriendly feeling existed towards thereon the part of any section of

the people 05 England. For the crime 'which had been committed no pallia. tien could be offered, and, whatever difference of opinion there might be as to the respective rights of the North and the South, all must agree that it could not serve the cause of the South. It was, he thought, impossible to believe that the Confederate (loverument could in any way approve en act which was not only a crime but a blunder. Ho joined with Earl Russell in lamenting the loss of a man who had, conducted the affairs of the United States amidst great difficulties with singular moderation and prudence, and who was bent on trying a system of conciliation. The death of such a man, and in such a manner, was not only a subject of deep regret but also a serious misfortune to the country of which he was the chief, and it was to be hoped that his successor would seethe wisdom of following out that conciliatory line of policy which there was every reason to believe the late President was preparing to inaugurate when his valuable life was taken.

After a few -words from Lord Stratford do Redcliffc in favour of the motion,

it was unanimously agreed to. .

11 1.....

THE MUIIDER OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN-ADDRESS TO THE CROWN.

The orders of the day were postponed for the purpose of enabling the Government to propose an address to the Crown on the assassination of President Lincoln.

Sir G. GREY, having expressed his regret at the unavoidable absence of

• Lord Palmerston, observed that it was comparatively unimportant by whom

the motion was made, because he felt conlident that the address which he was aix tat to move weud meet with the cordial and unanimous awcnt of the
House. When the news of the assassination of President Lincoln and of the attempt on the life of Mr. Secretary Seward reached this country, the rat impression on the mind of every one was that the intelligence could not be true. But when the fact became fully known a feeling of deep sorrow, horror, end indignation pervaded the public mind, and the people of the United Kingdom felt as if some great calamity had befallen themselves. Whatever might be the conflicting opinions or sympathies of the public as between. North and South, they had completely vanished in the presence of the great crime which an Europe now deplored. Re was persuaded that this seotinient also animated every man in the Southern as well as in the Northern States. The American nation now mourned the loss of their trusted and chosen chief, struck down by the bend of an assassin at the most eventful period of .hL's country's history. Just as it was hoped that the civil war was about to be brought to a close, all eyes were turned towards Mr. Lincoln, in the expectation that in the hour of victory he would have shown that forbearance and lust consideration which would have added tenfold to the energy and ability by which he had proeecutedthe war. Unfortunately. the hand of an assassin had deprived him of the opportunity of displaying his magnanimity; but it was to be hoped that the good sense end right feeling of those on sv-honi the arduous duty of conducting public affairs would devolve would load them to act with the came wisdom and sagacity which there was reason to believe he would have exhibited had his life been spared to accomplish the pacification of his country. Sir George Grey, who was frequently cheered throughout his epceeh, concluded as follows-" Sir, I wish it were possible for us to convey to the people of the United States an adequate idea of the depth and univtrsallty ci the feeling which this sad event has oeoasioned in this country. From the highest to the lowest there has been but one feeling entertained. Bar Majesty's Minister at Washington will, in obedience to the Queen's : mranad.

 Ih

c t ed te xrr_in _of th

~r .3 . everl ent .

b M Ma a 'in th d-p with tlint tender consideration which she baa always evinced for the sorrows end sufferings of others in whatever rank and station (hear, hear), has with liar can hand 'written a letter to Mrs. Lincoln (hear, hear), conveying tha heartfelt sympathy of a widow to a widow (hear, hear) suffering from an over whelniing calamity that has so suddenly come upon her (hear, hear), From every part of this country, and from every class of the community, one vote ' is now raised-a voice of abhorrence at the crime, and of sympathy and interest in that country 'which has this great loss to mourn. The British residents in the United States have met, as may have been expected, to expreu their feelings against the crime committed; and we read that our British North. American colonies are ricing with each other to give expression to the sam, sentiments of sympathy. And not only is it from men of that race which I con.netted with the inhabitants of the United States by the tie of origin, language, and bleed that a feeling of this kind arises, but I believe that every country in Europe is giving expression to the same sentiments and sending them to the Government of the United States. But I am sure, therefore, I am not wrong in anticipating that this House, in the name of the people of liugland, of the people of Scotland, and of the people of Ireland, will be anxious to record its expression of the same sentiments and feelings to the Government of the United States. Of this I am confident, that this Rouse could never

c neve re a Mu tely eserr' b ein s of the people of

ow' Bir'

tat th. j_by,

ry _po_

al an op fe 1 g

U King 0 t t

ly III hi C s"re hag to he v.

--w d fh. ~V 3edy te` ~o T-r  ch

dth ~ ide :S d Yra ar

mo I d r me

this nil d * d the re dn to ra-'., essmg

s.icst on in . c in her n im te to the G_.l-m. t of t at 0. t . . a ~oy g se t a. t the part

hi opl.~.blc event, that r, - the ... time upon

of

this Bout e their abhorrence of the crime and their sympathy with the Go's'ernenent and the people of the United States in the deep affliction Into which they have been plunged." (Loud cheers from all parts of the house.)

 Mr. DIgnAlera "Sir, there are rare inetanoes when the sympathy of &

nation approaches those tender feelings that, generally speaking, are supposed. to to peculiar to the individual, and to form the happy privilege of private life, amid I think this is one of them (Hear, hear). Under all cirearnetancea we should have bewailed the catastrophe at Washington; under all circumstances we should have shuddered at the means by which it was accomplished. But in the character of the victim, and in the very accessories of his almost latest moments, there is something so homely and so innocent thab it takes the subject, as it were, out of the pomp of history and out of the ceremonial of diplomacy. It touches the heart of nations, and appeals to the &mcatio sentiments of mankind (Hear, hear). Sir, whatever may be the various and varying opinions of this Rouse and the country generally of the policy of the late President of the United States, of this, I think, all must be agreed, that in a trial which, perhaps more than any other, lested the moral quality of the man he performed his duty with simplicity end strength (hear, hear). Nor is it possible for the. people of nglassd to forget at this moment that he sprangirom the same fatherland, and spoke the time mother tongue (Hear, hear) When crimes of this character are perpetrated the public mind is apt to fall into gloom and perplexity, and that has arisen because it is as ignorant of the causes as it is of the consequences of such an act, But it is our part, I think, to reassure thorn under any unreasoning panic or despondency (Hear, hear). Assassination has never changed the history of the world. I will not refer to instances of remote antiquity, although an accident has suede the most memorable example of theta times familiar at this moment to the mind and memory of most gcntkmen present. But even the costly sacrifice of a Ceesar did not propitiate the inevitable destiny of his country. But in more modem times, the people of which were animated and influented by the same interests as ourselves, the violent deaths of two heroic men, Henry IV. of France and the Prince of Orange, are conspicuous illustrations of this great truth. Therefore at this moment, while I second the address to the Crown, and express upon my own pert, and I hope on the part of every member of the house, feelings of unaffected and profound sympathy with the citizens of the United States at the untimely end of their elected, chief, I would not sanction any sentiment of depression. I would rather take this opportunity of expressing my fervent hope that from these awful years of trial the various populations of North America may come out elevated, chastened, rich in that accumulative wisdom, end strong in that disciplined energy which a young nation can only acquire in a protracted and perilous struggle. Tbeii 'will be open to them again, not merely the same course of power end prosperity which they have heretofore pursued, but they will pursue that course of power and prosperity for the general happiness of mankind (Hear, hear). It lie with these feelings, Sir, that I now second the address to tile Groan." (Loud and general cheering.)

The motion was then put by the Speaker, and carried unanimously.
