AMERICA.

The Africa brings New York journals of the 12th ult. The general tenor of the advlces s again favourable to the Federals. The steady perseverance and more lasting qualities of the North have already nearly cleared Kentucky of the Secessionists, carried the war into Western Tennessee, and seized on two more points on the coast of North Carolina.

LLIGEREN'r OPERATIONS.

News has been received from the Bnrneide expedition to the coast

of North Carolina. . The telegrams are very meagre but we gather from them that on the fth nit. General Burnaide eslle from Halteras Inlet for Roanoke Island, which lies between Albemarle and Pamlico Sounds, This island had been carefully fortified by the Confederates, and they had had warning of the point of attack. The island was captured after three days' fighting. The loss was heavy on both sides. The Confederate flotilla of gun-boats was dispersed; three were stink and two captured. On the 9th nit, the expedition attacked Elizabeth City, which the inhabitants evacuated. It was completely burnt, but whether by the inhabitants or the shells from the Federal fleet is not known. The Federals had occupied the site of the burnt city, and were advancing on Edentown. These two towns are situated on the north of Albemarle Sound.

In Tennessee, Fort Donnelaon has not yet' been attacked. The Memphis and Ohio Railroad bridge fifteen miles above Fort Henry, has been taken possession of by the ederal troops. This cats off the connection between Memphis and Nashville. Federal gun-boats have ascended the Tennessee River as high as Florence, Alabama, and encountered, no opposition. General smith on the west, and General Grant on the east of that river were piersuing the retreating Confederates. - The report that the gravity of the circumstances ha

 drawn General Beauregard from Manassas to Nashville, leaving General Johnstone in command at the former position, has been confirmed,

General Thomas, in command of the Federal forces in southeastern Kentucky, had advanced no farther south than Monticello, the state of the roads hindering a more speedy progress. From the papers found in the deserted camp of the Confederates, on the Cumberland, it is evident by the admission of their own military and civil leaders that in Estem Tennesse the mass of the people are loyal to the Union, and wait with impatience the arrival of the Union armies.

TEE COlOJ'EDIIItATSI STATES.

The term of the twelve months' volunteers from the Gulf States is

now expiring, and in many of the best regiments a large majority

decline to re-enlist for the war.

The Confederate Government had declined to admit Commissioners Fish and Ames into the Southern States.

TEE AXInEST OF GENERAL STONE.

This Genera), till lately in command of the army of the Upper

Potomac, was arrested at Washington on the 9th, and sent to Fort Lafayette on the following serious charges

¥ 1. For misbehaviour at the battle of Ball's Bluff.

2. For holding correspondence with the enemy before and since the battle of

Ball's BItiff, and receiving visits from rebel officers in his camp.

¥ 2. For treacherously suffering the enemy to build a fort, or strong work, since the battle of Ball's Bluff, under his gene, without enoleetation.

4. For a treacherous design to expose his force to capture and cie,trtiolioti

by the enemy Tinder pretence of orders for a movement from the ConiinandingGeneral which had not been given.

The news of this arrest caused the greatest consternation among

the ollicers of the regular army, to which General Stone belonged.

¥  TEE AJ)orUtISTRATION.

The correspondence between Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Cameron, the late Secretary for. War, on the occasion of his retirement, has been pith. lished. The correspondence is of a highly friendly and even affectionate character, and is dated Jan, 11. Mr. lIncoln speaks of the Czar of Russia as the I" great Sovereign whose personal and hereditary friendshp for the United States so muoh endears him to Americans."

The correspondence between Secretary Seward and Mr. Dayton,

United States' Minister to Paris, concerning the admission of American eltizens to the Tuileries has been published. Mr. Seward thinks that Mr. Dayton ought to furnish the profession or occupation of the applicants but not their "social position," as distinctions of social position are unknown in America. The letter concludes in a highly. patriotic strain

¥ It is peculiarly uncomfortable, at the present moment, to find Amorican citizens leaving their country a prey to faction and civil war, disturbing the court of a friendly Power, and embarrassing our representative there with questions of personal interest and pretension. Lot the Emperor all

Empress of France receive when they will, and as many or few no they will, end let all others, as well as those who are admitted torn their attention to the question how they can serve their country abroad'; and, if they can find no better -way to do it than by making their attendance in the eeieins of the Toi]erie, let them return horns toa " corm try that now, for the first lime, and not for a long time, necds the active efforts of every on'0' lis loyal children to ca-re itself from destruction. Finally, above all things, have no question with the Government of Fiance on this subieot. Rather introduce nobady, however lustly distinguished, then let a question of fashion or ceremony appear In the records of tb's important period in which we are acting for the highest interests of our country and of humanity."
001ecirtuss.

The House Treasury Note Bill is now before the Senate?e Finance Committee. Among the amendments proposed is one making it obligatory to pay the interest of the national debt in coin. In the meanalone a bill antho.cking the Secretary of the Treasury to issue 10,000,000 dola. In Treasury notes has been hurried through both Houses.

Mr. Sumner offered a series of resolutions declaring that the revolted

States have committed feb de as, and that their relations as membars of the United States no longer exist; that their allegiance has boon severed, and the Federal Government owes no obligation to any pre. tended State Government usurping a certain territory; that eodlvldaals occupying such territory owe allegiance to the General Government only, and the General Government to the individuals; there Fore, persona heretofore held as slaves under local laws, now of no effect, may look henceforth to the General Government for protection as individuals. These resolutions were only laid aside by a vote of 21 against 15.

The Senate has passed the appropriations for fortifying the lake shores and the Northern frontier.

MISOELLLNSOUS.

The Emperor Napoleon's speech to the Corps Ldgislatef was well received in New York and affected the stock market favourably.

The New York journals of the 12th ult. publish Earl Russell's

eiespateh on t ha subject of maritime rights in foil, and unaceompauted by comment. The despatch was only received at a late hcnr on the previous night.

in General Stanton, the Secretary of War, was labouring under severe

dispositiou.

General Fremont was to receive an important command, having dieproved, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War, the charges of corruption alleged against him.

:The Maine Senate has followed the example of the Legislature of Michigan end parsed resolutions in favour of condscatiog, liberating, sad arming the slaves, if it shall be is military necessity, by a vote of 24 against 4,

ku Ulu on URN" IN

The Confederate steamer Sumter was at Gibraltar on the 18th

nit., and the Federal steamer Tesoarora in Algesiras Loads. We 15cm

from Madrid on the 25th nit, that the Captain of the somber has been arrested at Tan piers at the Instance of the Smerican Consul at Gibraltar, and of the Ccenmander of the Tusearora who went for that purpose to Tangiers
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LONDON, SATURDAY, M4Ril 1, 1852.

ME arms of the Federal Government have achieved a valuable success in the capture of the isle of Roanoke. The destruction of the weak fleet of the Confederates is a small matter, but the opening up the way for General Barnside to attack in rear the army, which it was not thought advisable to assail in front, is an operation that makes a mark in the campaign. The country into which General Burnsidc has to penetrate, if he is to assume the offensive, is very difficult, but there is reason to believe that its difficulties have been exaggerated. At all events, be has established a base of operations, The plan of General MClellan would appear to be a scheme for sundering the Confederate forces as much as possible, instead of sttemptiag

f flig jngtine of ha b it is stated that the

Captain of the Sumter has been arrested at the instance of the Captain of the Tuscarora, but we do not learn, as yet, whether th former is to beaded overto the 1e±tpr if thp,e oiI1 1 ' short shrift. jTh.picinthe Great Eastern
to ovenvhelm them in little; and if he pexsevere3 in flach

tacticsi and the money of the North hold oat, he May

have the honour of achieving a comparatively bloodless triumph. The officers of the South have learned the trade of war, and tacticsi and the money of the North hold oat, he May

The officers of the South have learned the trade of war, and

t

0

t have the e

the honour of achieving a comparatively bloodless triumph.

0 know better than to refuse to surrender untenable positions. ILI

t

0

h

L

7:h

h

h officers el

d

know better than to refuse to surrender untenable positions. ILI

m

0

than

t honour

h

f

them e t

0

1 an the meantime, the civilians are warring in Congress, and Mr.

Char es

harles Sumner has laid before it his bold proposal for deal-Lng th

with the South. He wishes to declare all local government in Sl.. S

the Slave States as at an end, to reduce those States to the con.

t it .

L. L f t Z tor I thereby to place the whole pop I&ti

.i

dition of territories, anc

-ig the four millions of slaves, on au equality of civil

ding f

includii e 0

te . It

FrigbtsIt can haxdly be supposed that Congress will think that matters are sufficiently forward for the adoption of this plan, which could be justified only when the North sho–ld be in force sufficient to prevent the servile war that would be invited by such a proclamation; bat that such a proposition should be brought forward at all shows the increasing power and. courage of the Abolitionists. In London the birthday of Washingbn has been celebrated by American residents alid visitors, but the demonstration has been confined to the Loyalists, and the most friendly sentiments towards England were enunciated
jnSrtT'tPflWi to..

METhIOAN i'oaeasecON or SAN HA.LISunTON asked the Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs various questions regarding the poase

eion of a portion of San Joan by the A cr1 rLOrd PAulegasroy said

the occupation of a portion of San Juan by the Americans teak place under

an arrangement suede in 1819 between General Scott, representing the American Government, and Colonel Douglas, the then Governor of the Island. The main conditions were, without prejudice to the claim of either party to the whale of the ielbnd, that the occupation should be a joint one. The negotiations which had been going on between the two Governments with a view to a final settlement of the question 61 occupation, and of the claloce ever the neighbouring channel, were suddenly interrupted by the breaking out of the civil war. Under the circumstances of the case he did net think it

wnnr ...o...a t

necesEa to enter into deta
A DEMOCRATIC LEVEE.

The Fhs7adel,phice Enq'ufrer of Jan, 28 gives the following amusing amusing

account of a leve held by_the new Federal Secretary of War, Mr.

Stanton-.

The clock strikes ten, the awaiting crowd rush in as the doors awing open, and, being among them, we soon find ourselves in the presence of the Secretary. Now one stands in front of bun, and with a smiling- countenance he reaches out his hand, and, takes a hearty grip with a greyhaired man. "Well, Sir, what is your wish?" "My name is -; my eon fought at Springfield, and was wounded in the arm. e was on Fremont's staff, but is now without L commission. I want one for him, that he may again try his other arm her. o. the Potomac or in Missouri." "You shall have it, Sir," replied Mr. Stanton, and, turning to his secretary, he ordered him to note the case. "Reborn home," he added; "the papers will be sent you."

As the man attempted to thank him, he stepped to one aide to two ladles

who had just come in. "Madam, what can I do for you?" "Want a clerk

ship for my son; his father was killed at the battle of Belmont." Turning

again, be noted the case, took the address, told the lady to send him a sample

of her boy's writing, and he would care for him. The other was ooncnaoced

with a Minnesota regiment over the river, and had some complaint abeuc the treatment she had received in camp from some of the officers. "Madam, you must go to the head-quarters of General M'Clellan." "I have been there, Sir, end they would not read my papers, or listen to my case." "Then give thence t

me, and I'll see why."

A assail bright-eyed boy, alone, was trying to work his way through the crowd, and the Secretary turned to him and asked what he wanted. "I want my father got out, Sir. Bk was taken at Bull Bun, and has not come home with the rest," Re gave his name and regiment; it was noted; and the Secretary, lifting him up, kissed him upon the forehead, and said, " Your father should be proud of such a noble boy, and I'll ace that he is released."

Amen with a half-military dress says he has been wronged by the examining board, and has been deprived of the command of his regiment (a Philadelphia cavalry regiment). "Sorry, Sir, if It is not all right. I cannot go back to investigate the acts of my predecessor." The Colonel insisted his case was a plain one, if be could be heard. "Wail," said the Secretary, "If you 'will got the officers to reconsider it I will then listen to it."

An individual has some new invention for firearms. "Go to the Ordnance

Department and get them to investigate it, and if they will recommend it I will be glad to see it adopted." A. Colonel with a green uniform on has some passes he wants to read. "Axe you an army officer?" "Yes, Sir." "Thea you cannot be heard until to-morrow; come and seems then."

A large and well-dressed man 'wanted a word in private. "What about?" Some little matter about a contract he had for horses. "Cannot interfere, Sir; go to General Moigs. If there is anything wrong he will rectify it." Another succeeds in getting him o to the aide of the room, and the con'vereation is inaudible until the Secretary replied, "No, Sir, on no account will I interfere in any contract while I em here for anything from a thimble up. There are en appointed to attend to that department, and I shall hold them. to a strict accountability for every action."

Two soldiers wanted to be paid for the time they were in confinement at Richmond, leaving just been released, and presented a furlough they had, received a week ago, and also an order for their pay for time and rations. 11 Why do you not take this to Major Beckwitlo, and have him attend to it?" "We did, Sir; end he says he has no order that will cover our case, and for want of 'forms' we are afraid we will be kept hero until our time is up, and we weird to go home and see the folks before going at it again." Taming t

his secretary, he ordered him to write to Major Beokwith, and order him to report forthwith in 'writing why these men were not paid. up, instead of being kept wetting. It was done; he signed it himself, and said, 11 Here, bake that to him, and bring an answer."

After some other visitors are described, the accomit goes on:

In came Major Btcok'with, with the note cent by the returned prisoners

"Why are them men kept wetting?" "Because I have no order for their special case." "Mr.'Wi1on, issue an order that will cover all the prisoners that may be released in future, and allow them full pay for every day they are confined in rebel prisons. Major, I have just learnt there are over 150 now writing for their pay; every man most be paid to-day, and speed theta on to their homes."

A. tall men wants a commission in the regular army. "Rave you been in

any battle yet, Sir?" "I was in the Mexican War." "That won't do; that

Is too far back." "I was at Great Bethel." "That is better. I wiU examine

your record myself, and inform you if you are appointed."

A stout, healthy young men wanted a oommiaeion or clerkship. "Rave you

been inenybattle?" "No, Sir." "Thenit'wiUboofnousetoapply, for I shall make all toy appointments from the list of heroes; those who fight the country's battles must be cared for first."

Another wanted an appointment as quartermaster. "There are my recom

mendations, Sir, and I would be glad if you can road, them." "I cannot do i

I have not the time; but I will examine thorn." "Very well," replied

the would-be-qenerterzaaator; "just road them. If you have any better man,

aceordth to those papers, let him have the office; to that case I don't went It.'
THE WAR IN AMERICA.-GENERAL BURNSIDE'S

BXPllDITION.

(From our Special Artist end Correspondent.)

On Ward the Spalding, Pamlico Sound, North Carolina, Jan. 99,

AT last, titer immense exertion on the part of those concerned, General

Burnaide especially having worked night and day, sufficient transports

have been got over the bulkhead to carry 11,000 men up the Sound,

end it is now a mere question of reshipping the troops that were landed to lighten the vessels and to provision them for ten days. It appears to me there must have been gross stupidity or cupidity displayed by those authorised to purchase the steamers for the service they are now engaged in, as their draught of water, in nine cases out of ten, exceeds by a great deal the depth found on the various banks and shoals that block the entrance to the inland seas of North Carolina; hence the delay of the expedition. Before we could continue up the Sound to Roanoke all the larger vessels had to laud their troops and provisions, otherwise they never could have crossed the bulkhead; and, as it is, they have been worried through the sand, inch by inch, a distance of over three miles, many taking four and five days to force itheir way through. Again, the channel is so narrow that it is nspossible for more than one ship at a time to attempt the passage; and, should one stick, she has to be removed before another can be brought up. The two last are now on their way over, but, unfortunately, the leading vessel has grounded, and may cause a further delay of a day or two; however, the general opinion appears to be that we shell get off by the and of the week, and, when once fairly, started, it only takes ten hours to reach Rosnoke. Now, had steamers of lighter draught been provided, nothing would have

 prevented the expedition from steaming up the Bound on the

first day of our arrival and striking a decisive blow before preparations could he made by the Confederates to offer effectual resistance, as it is extremely probable they were in ignorance of the destination of the Federal Beet. By this time they will have learned through their spies everything required to he known (two Secesh gunboats came within eight the other day and reconnoitred), and prepare accordingly a warm reception for the invading force.

As I understand the plan of attack it is as follows :-The gnu-boats

will take the lead up the Sound, followed by the larger transports

having the troops on board, end the rear will be brought up by the store-ahipa in tow of togs. On arriving off the eanthern extremity of Roanoke Island, the former will engage the batteries, which am said to be immensely strong there, while the troops under the cover of their fire will be transferred to scows and surf-boats, and, passing over the shallows on the western aide, laud, and take the Confederates in the rear, cutting off their retreat in the event of their being beaten. Now, there is just a possibility of the Southern fleet showing fight; they have fourteen gun-boats beavlly armed with gnus of large calibre, taken from the Norfolk Navy -yard ; and, if they do, they may cause the Federalists great annoyance in going up the S end. A few shells thrown among the transports, crowded as they are with troops, would create a considerable amount of confusion, and, as I happen to be on board the leading ship, the General's, I most fervently hope they will do nothing of the kind. As it is, I presume we shall get awfully.ponnded on drawing within range of the batteries. Well, supposing Rcanoke to be taken, the expedition will then proceed to New Berne, seizing the railway at that place, and, advancing inland to Goldsbtro', occupy all the converging lines there with ultimate intentions on Raleigh; thus, as I said in my previous letter, cutting off all communication with the more Southern States, and leaving the Confederate army at Manassas helpless as regards reinforcements or supplies from any Slate south of Virginia. In Kentucky the Unionists are pushing forward to assist end support the movements of this expedition, the idea being that the two forces should form a junction, and so entirely shut out Beauregard's army from the rest of Secesaia; then, I presume M'Clellan would advance with the main body of Federalists, and fight the decisive battle so long expected.

The last news we have here tells us that Sherman is about to move on Savannah from Port Royal, that Butler is preparing to menace New Orleans from Ship Island, and that the huge expedition down the Mieaisaippihnaatarted, orisatthepointof starting. othat another month may bring you tidings of thelsst of the Confederate States' Government, or such intelligenceaswlllprobably causeits recognition by the Earopean Powers, the latterinthe eventof the failure of theledeml plans. Mind, I don't mean to prophesy any auccesseafor theUnionists; I simplymention the programme apparently to be followed. Again, as tar as this expedition is concerned, 111 have certain doubts of its achieving all required of it, as I cannot shut my eyes to the glaring incapacity of those whose business it is to second the General in command. If everything depended on the exertions of one man-I speak of General Burnside-I am convinced my task would be to record a victory; as ,t is, I must wait the issue of the fight.  F. t

Some Illustrations by our Special Artist sent with this letter will be given in our next Number,
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Canard -steamer America we have telegrams from Halifaxto the 21st ult., Boston journals to the 19th tilt,, and New York journals of the day previous. The Federals have obtained such a decided military success as to afford ground for the belief that the Confederate Government will be shortlived.

- THE SURRENDER or roar DOurBLSON.

Port Donnelson, on the Cumberland River, was invested on the 13th,

and after three days' hard fighting, was surrendered unconditionally.

The land forces of the Federals numbered 40,000 men, under the corn

mend of General Grant. Commodore Foote brought up six gun-boats

(four of them iron-plated) to the attack on the river side. From the moment of the investment of the fort the Federal troops lay on their arms night and day, half the time without provisions, all the time without tents, and a portion in a heavy storm of rain and snow. The gun-boat attack 'wa unsuccessful, Commodore Foote acknowledging that four of his boats were disabled, and fortyone of his men lulled and wounded. The total loss of the Federals on land and water is at least 300 killed and 700 wounded and missing. The loss of officers is very heavy. The Confederate loss of life is less heavy, as they fought behind intrenchments. They are, however, minus an army and some of their best Generals. Fifteen thousand men capitulated including Generals Sydney Johnston (who shared with Beaiiregaril the honours of Bull Run), Buckner, and Bushrod. General Floyd escaped with 5000 men during the night preceding the surrender. He and his force went up the river on board some steamers 'without the knowledge of their superior officers. The Confederates lost, besides forty-eight field-pieces, seven heavy guns, twenty thousand stand arms, and a large quantity of commissary stores. On the morning of the surrender the Federal troops were about to storm the fort with the bayonet.

 The news of this great success was received with great rejoicing in

Congress, among the army of the Potomac and generally throughout the Country. Congress passed resolutions thanking the army and navy. How it has aected the people of the Seceding States we do not yet know, but the impression is general that the resistance to the victorious armies of the Union will soon cease. General Grant has been promoted to the rank of Major-General.

Commodore Foote is already pressing onto Olarks'ville, about twenty

miles above Fort Donnelson. The Confederates have already evacuated

Clarksville. They will make their next stand in defence of the important manufacturing city of Nashville. General Beauregird has fallen back on this city from Bowling Green, Kentucky. The Federal army, commanded by General Mitchell, is close on his rear.

THE CAMPAIGN IN ARKANSAS.

General Price, beaten out of Missouri, is being pursued by the

Federals through Arkansas. Much of his baggage, several officers,

and a considerable number of privates belonging to the rear of his army, have been captured.

TED BUaSTDE axpaurriow.

The official account of the exploits of this expedition have appeared. General ]lurnside announces that he captured on Roanoke ma-2 six forte, forty guns, 2500 prisoners, and upwards of 3000 small arms. The Federal loss was thirty-five killed and about 200 wounded. Ooniniodore Goldeborougli occupied EdentonT on the 12th, without opposition In view of these reverses, Governor Letcher, of Virginia, has issued a proclamation stating that recent reverses "demand an exhibition of all our energies, an uncompromising spirit, and stern and determined resolution." Re recommends a le'veh en masse of the whole of the male population between the ages of sixteen and sixty.

WA5RINGTON.

The Rouse of Representatives has passed the bill making Treasury

notes a legal tender, with the Senate's amendment making the interest on the National Debt payable in coin.

Mr. Fish and Bishop Ames have agreed with the Confederate Government on an exchange of prisoners. At the time when the negotiation was concluded the Confederates held 300 prisoners more than the number held by the Federals.

The War Department has issued an order directing the release of all political prisoners, except spies, on their subscribing a parole engaging them to render no aid to the enemies of the United States, To all such persons who shall keep their parole the President has granted an amnesty for any past offences of treason. or disloyalty. Pxtraordinary arrests will henceforth be made under the direction of the military authorities alone.

)USCBLLANEOtiS.

The New York and Philadelphia journals preserve an entire silence on the subject of Earl Russell's closing despatch on the Trent affair. This is a sign that it commands the respect if not the acquiescence of the journalists, and that they prefer to leave the consideration of the points involved to the Secretary of Slate and the jurists of the country. Elated, however, by the recent victories, they begin to carp at the Mexican expedition, and to warn the Allies that the American people will not permit the restoration of a European monarchy on their southern border. The Boston Advertiser devotes a

column to the discussion of Earl Russell's despatch, the positions of

'which meet with its approval as enlarging the rights of neutrals.

Considerable popular excitement exists in New York concerning the

approaching execution of Captain Gordon, the slavetrader. Numerous

petitions have been forwarded to Washington to commute the sentence.

Public sympathy runs high in favour of the condemned.

Professor Agassir is delivering a series of popular lectures on

natural history in Irving Hall, New York,

CALIFORNIA.

The last accounts from California state that an extraordinary

emigration to the goldfields of British Columbia is expected to take

place this spring. One steamer had just sailed from San Francisco

with 600 passengers for that destination.
The Lieutenant (not the Captain, as previously stated) of the

Sumter, who was arrested at Tangiers, has been released. TbaSuunter remains at Gibraltar, but narrowly watched, by Federal ships.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

ZONDQV, &TURDAY,AIA1WII 8, 1862.

A DtW6 and important victory gained by the Federals has naturally thrown the Northern States into great excitement. About this action there can be no mistake, and there is no need for exaggeration. Fort Donnelson has fallen after three days of hard fighting and very considerable slaughter on both sides. Three Confederate Generals are prisoners, with, it is said, 15,000 men; and General Floyd, with 0000 men, #avec bis.selt by a flight which is not QonsidereI
"chi-ahu." Bight and left, therefore, the forces of the

Union are clearing their way, and their operations may speetj;j;

induce General. M'Olellau to advance. It would appclr that no time was to be bet, the victors in Tennessee were pushing onwards, and, though the character of the country rendered a check possible at any moment, it was not thought that they

¥ would meet serious opposition for some time to come, it j

also reported that Savannah has fallen, and there is no impro. babiiity in the news. At length, therefore, the North may fairly be said to be putting out its strength in earnest and delivering the effective blows which might have been expected from the magnitude of its preparations. The Secretary at War has availed himself of these successes to rebuke in

stern Puritan tone the language in which various American

writers have sought to imitate the Napoleonic bombast, which, as he says, began in "inffdel France," and led the Fruich up

Waterloo. There is no "organisation of victories," he says, the triumph being due to the spirit of the Lord putting valour into the soldiery of the North. But there is too much love for fine writing and grandiloquence in America to make the stern Secretary's reproof very effectual. We do not suppose that:, in the present state of the American mind, any expressions o English admiration for the gallantry of the Federala will be received with favour; but we may put on record, to be read when all ill-feeling shall have subsided, that, apart from the satisfaction felt in England at any success obtained against the advocates of slavery, we are proud of the bravery of our cousins, and are ready to recognise in the endurance which they have displayed under trying circumstances an evidence that their relationship to the conquerors in the Crimea, India, and China, is more real than many will allow, We shall, of course, be told that these sentiments are curiously coincident with the success which is said, unfairly, to be the idol of England; but we will bear that, simply remarking that we have nothing to gain by a Northern triumph, whereas we might be commercially benefited by the establishment of the South
THE WASKOE IllNING REGION.

TEE recently-organised territory of Nevada, N ith America, besides containing the beautiful Carson Valley, has been rendered famous b; being the seat of the Washoe alive -mines, the fame of whoeerichee drew, it will be remembered, a year or two ago, swarms of hardy adventurers from even the golden regions of California to the spot. This region, running north and south, lies between the needy para lel ranges of the Sierra Nevada on the Californian aide and the Humboldt range on the side,of Utah. As the most conflicting statements have been made respecting the Waahoe silver-mines, some holding them up to derision and others enduing them with the halo of extravagant expectations, a few graphic sketches of its principal mining-places will not be unwelcome to our readers. Mr. Edward Vischer, who has forwarded to us the accompanyiIllustratlons,with many others, is a merchant, of San Francisco, WIT, rnia, in which State he has lived many years. Practically acquainted with mining pursuits, and not being personally interested in Washoe or in mining operations ci any kind, his views of the silver region in Nevada, herewith given, may be taken as trustworthy :-" The early feverish speculative excitement with regard to the Waahoe region, which as an inheritance of 1859 passed undiminished to its successor, threatening California with a new mania of emigration like that of the memorable Fraser River, has been checked just in time to prevent more serious mischief end the rain of many of our business men. This was but the :disappointment corresponding to silly ex . ti the whole

Meast of the Sierra_NevaJab" fand a ready-made new

. without the trouble of even opening a mine. It was, however, suddenly brought to a climax by the outbreak of hostilities with the Indians, which could only be terminated by military aid. 'Thus the new mining region, hitherto decked out with the fanciful radiance of the wildest imagination, was all at once reduced to the reality of mining in a remote wilderness; and it was then discovered that mining for silver, here as anywhere else, requires time and capital for the development of its returns. However, should the mines hitherto opened he the only ones, even precluding the hope of a further exten-

 sion of the promising field for mining, their successful working would be of incalculable benefit for California, which for a long while will have to furnish all the supply of necessaries and, look to the opening of a rear country as the only true lever by which she may ultimately obtain a Pacific railroad. As to the realities of the new silver region, we wonder so little should, be known about them; a quarter of a century will be a more appropriate term, when the millions of Washoe silver feeding the channels of an enlarged Asiatic trade may (by a reversing scale, telling of our advancement), bear a comparison with our lessened gold remittanceavift Panama to Europe." After enumerating the principal leads, the produce of the mines already opened, and the reducing-works established or in course of erection, he alludes to visionary speculation in Waahoe mining works, "This," he continues, "Is the fictitious side of Washoemiziing-the vapoury atmosphere which surrounds the new silver region. Its mirages no longer delude the thinking portion of our community, it is fortunate, indeed, that our public has at so early a stage had a salutary warning by previous disenchantment. In the meanwhile, the energetic spirit of practical enterprise, by a combination of technical and, financial resources, is gradually but steadily developing the colossal wealth of the new silver region, the discovery of which is the fruit of the adventurous turn of our prospectors, who, with almost superhuman exertions, and mostly with little benefit to themselves, have been the hardy pioneers of this new Potosi beyond the Sierra Nevada."

Mr. Viacher has since had the opportunity, by a visit to the Washoe

region, in May of last year, for the sake of personal information, to

confirm him in his opinion that the time has not arrived for justly estimating the financial importance of the discoveries in Western Utah, albeit their development, even thus far, has proved a main lever for the progress of California, whence most of the necessities of the new silver region have to be supplied. It has, moreover, established the claim of that region beyond the Sierra Nevada (now known as "Nevada Territory," since its separation from Utah and Mormon influences) to the birth of a new and promising community
in barren wastes apparently unfit for cultivation and the sub-sistence of & permanent population, the outposts of which, however,

by the progress of prospecting and actual mining enterprise, already extend to the Kumbokit range of mountains, bordering on the Great Basin, with every probability of soon connecting the Washoe region with Salt lake through a continued line of settlements; the telegraph and overland mail stations, with the increasing traffic of Western

emigration serving as preparatory links of this phenomenon in the progress of civilisation.

Subsequently, in a quite recent visit to Washoe, the writer witnessed the extraordinary start which has taken plane within the last few months, with many cases of individual success; the gradual development of many a new mining district, and the improved methods introduced, with works on a gigantic scale multiplying the chances for a
yield in precious metals, which cannot fail to assert its weight in the

financial scales of the world.

But we return to our immediate object, that of giving some particu. lam relating to the Illustrations now presented to our readers,

THE ]tGR.&YIN¿8.

Deeals Gate, some three miles up the Gulch of Gold Cannon, is remarkable cluster of rocks on each side, forming a natural gateway and appropriate entrance to this demoniac region. To the south of it extending about half a mile down the Gulch, lies Silver City, with a population of some two thousand inhabitants; a place teeming with the activity of the entire traffic from California to Wa

Numerous teams are constantly occupied an the transportation of ore

from the mines to the crushing-mills (two of the principal of which

are represented in our Engraving; and the noise of some 500 stamuers

and snorting of steam-engines render it a fit abode for the Cyclops.

The summit of the rock, forming the right side of the gate, at the time

of the late Indian troubles, was used as a fortification against the

Pali-Utes.

Goid-hifl,Mount Davidson,and.tlie Ophir-road.--Foilowingthe ascent of the Cannon for about two and a half miles beyond the Devil's Gate northerly, we arrive at the famous. Gold-hill, the paying-place, par excellence, of the Washoe region, as the produce of its mines, less remarkable for its positive richness than the continuity of a steady average yield of from 50 to 75 dole, to the ton, chiefly in gold of easy extraction, enters into immediate circulation, Its bountiful yield of such ore is practically evinced by the uninterrupted line of heavy teams carrying the precious rock to the mills of Silver City and on Carson River, the works stablished in the vicinity of Gold-hill being insufficient even for the. requirements of the companies which erected and work them for ther own use. The ai1ay of silver, hitherto disregarded, is increasing at a rate which will imply a more oomph. cated process, and retard the result. This hill, perforated by numerous tunnels, with its stir of life, resembles a vast beehive; and the airy scsolding of the schuyts for delivering the rock surround it as with the tracery of some huge spider's web. The entire frontage of Gold. hill proper does not exceed 250 yards, this space being subdivided into numerous claims of from 5ft. to lOft, each, worked by a few men. Individual mining, therefore, is the prevailing feature in this locality' and the consequence is a certain recklessness in pushing into the pay ing ledge as fast as possible, with a frequent. disregard of the safety of support among tunnels in danger of. "caving in."

Virginia City.-This Illustration (on page 259) represents the first

glimpse afforded of this emporium of Wsshoe, from the eminence at

the head of Gold Cannon, beyond Gold-hill, the distance between these

two places being only about one English mile. The plain abounds in detached boulders of rock as fantastic inform as those of Arabia Petrea, the comparison being borne out by the general aspect of the surrounding
ILLUSTRATIONS OF TEE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

Otra Special  Artist has sent us, as stated in last week's Number, some

Sketches in connection with General Burnaide's expedition to the coast of North Carolina, two of which are engraved on page 58. He writes respecting them as follows On the first appearance of fine weather I landed on the desolate sands of Hatteras Spit, and started for an island some five miles up, the coast of which was covered with cedars and oaks. Here I made the two Sketches forwarded with this letter. One shows the provisional camp of &&o] tion of the Boraside expedition who have landed temporarily, and e other gives the head-quarters at Camp Winfleld of Geaeral Wiflisms, who commends the troops that have been in occupation of the place since the capture of the forts."
