7 Ii, America, I[istorynotcs not so much the f ailare of Grant's and the struggle for the presidency as the first infteritial further division of the once great Republic. Colonel brother to Major Anderson, who defended Fort Sumater, - fall of Americanisms and plain sense. " Rampant war her red dragons to her iron car, and all humamityls trampled und foot. Our generaLs blush behind the buckler of Afars, and that rhe-devil Bellona lights us on. I am for peace; for a total and im

b

'y

mediate cessation of war. I am tired of Yankee taskmasters; I hate their selfish meanness. Let us have a Western Confederacy Elsewhere

d

t

y

u""

d

e e

0

e

W

pel r,

mediate

t r

k f vil selfish meanness. Let us have a Western Confederacy Elsewhere

0

a

n

I d cessation

e

t I h

t

e -P on y cry

0

~~j7-

b. 0 cr

Colonel Anderson wishes to follow "the bright sparkling waters of the

Ohio, down to the father of the waters-down to the ocean of peace;"

adding, "The original Union is dissolved; no man is fool enough to

doubt it. The Union is dissolved," Now, although this may remind.

one of £]ijah Pogram, and the bright home of the American eagle being in the settin' sun, still it is a great sign of the times. Many men must think with this honest gentleman, and, if so, the beginning of the end, although a long end, perhaps, of the American war has commenced.

r. ax. ,

wo'celehrated pe'rsonages-one ucing an Thbsaction-may be

placed in the obituary. The abstraction is The Owl, which, after No. lOW) (it began at No. 1001), ceases to be. It contained early information of marriages, and picked up the whispers of the Foreign Office. The other is "Manhattan" the New York correspondent of the Standard, a writer who always amused, but never iw tructed. He held a dashing pen, 'which many will miss; he ove, threw alike propriety and grammar; and his vivid pictures were lii' those figures which pass before a concave mirror-you saw them p1s inly enough, but the next moment forgot them. Peace be to his al eel A rabid Northerner at one time, he had honestly thought bin self round to General Scott's opinion, and wanted to let the "wayi 'ard sisters go in peace."
AMERICA.

The Conf erstesare not acting wholly on the defensive. An advance-by some termed all invasion, by others a raid for horses, forage, and other plunder, but at all events an advance-has been made into Maryland by a Confederate force. Our information respecting this cnoveunnt is confused and conflicting: awl all that can he safely said is that a body of Southern troops. asthnated by Mr. Lincoln at from 15,001) to 0.0U0 (according to other accounts 30,000) strong, and represented to ho loch by Generni Ewell, had takea possession of Haiper's Ferry and Hagerstown in Maryland, throwing out in various directions what are described itS flirlrituding parties. No opposition appears to have been Offered to the progress of the in.vaeiiug oolunui wldeh must have slipped quietly along the Shenandoah Valley unit* it reached Mnrthrsbiu'g, which was occupied by Geueral Siegel. At this point some severe lighting took place, bat tbe Fedei'als were obliged to fall back to Harper's Ferry, which they in tuna evacuated, apparently without striking a blow for its defence. General Siegel retired to Maryland Heigbts and the Oonfederate are reported to have been preparing to attack that position. Oar present advice throw as little light upon the object as upon thu strength of this encdthion; blit. Mr. An had culled upon the States of New York, £'eunsylyaxua. and Msachusetts to send about 30,000 militia hate the field to meet this. unanpected movement on the part pf the Confederates. General Minter is moving northwards to attach the invaders. Great alurin, it is said, was felt along the Pennsylvanian border respecting the position of General Hunter, to whose force thu people of the North had been looking for protection against the Confederate invasion. A New York telegram of the 8th stated that hunter had reached Parkersburg, and that he was hurrying on to Maryland. A telegram tinted the 9th afllrins, on the other hand, that the latest accont from that officer's command left him at Charlestown, with his army dispirited and weakened by long marches, Govenaor Seymour is said to have instructed the General commanding the militia of New York not to allow any of his men to leave the State for Washington until further orders.

From the neighbourhood of Petersburg there is no tiews of im

portance, although it was expected that General Grait was nenily shady for another demonstration. General Smith on the 80th ult. wade an attempt on one of the Confederate works; but owing, it is
stated to a Misunderstanding of his orders, the troops were so disposed that tue enemy's artillery out them up and they were obliged to retire. 1ext day the (lonfederates made an attack on a. position 'where the Federals were planning a new battery, but they were repulsed with great loss. General Wilson had succeeded in rejoining the army of the Potomac, but with the loss of a considerable number of men and twelve pieces of artillery. Re is said to have destroyed sixty miles of he Danville Railway.

Turning to the campaign in Georgia we fired that General aol*istha evacuated Kenesaw Mountain and Marietta on the 3rd, and that General Sherman was following him.

At New York the dispute between the Federal and the State

authorities was not closed. The President, it is said, bad, ordered

General Dix to disregard the civil actions against him in, respect of the seizure of the 2ew Yor1 Word and the ,Journal of Uons'es. Governor Seymour, on the other hand, was reported to be resolved cii enforcing the civil actions and ordering General Dix's arrest. The Governor had called for 75,000 additional militia, probably to secure the State against any possible attach of the Confederates.

President Lincoln has appointed the 8th of August for a day of

humiliation and prayer.

Martial law has been proclaimed and the Rabeas Corpus Act

suspended in Kentucky.

On the 3rd inst. died, at the venerable age of ninety-three, the Ron.

J'osiuh Quincy, of Boston, Massachusetts, a distinguished statesman, a.

true patriot, bores a British subject, five years older than the Declaration of Independence, which his countrymen celebrated on, the 4th 'nzt. for the eighty-eighth time, and sixteen years older than the Union and the Federal Constitution.

Mr. l?essendcn ha definitively accepted the secretaryship to the Treasury at Washington.

 At the last accounts gold was quoted at 275.

LATEST MOM RICHMOND.

An English gentleman who left Richmond on the 1st. inst., having

,rcviously 'visited Petersburg, said who, passing uninterruptedly into -he Federal territory,. accomplished the journey between Richmond uid Queensto'wn in the remarkably short time of sixteen days, gives he following particulars of the military situation in arid around the

onfcerate capital:

The troops detached by way of the Shenandoah Valley towards Maryland consisted of the whole of Ewell's corps (late Stonewall Jackson's) under the

arsenal command of that General, and numbered 25,000 men,

It was believed that another smaller detachment, with heavy artillery,.

ou1d be or had already been directed towards Acquia Creek, with a 'view of creating powerful batteries on the Potomac, blockading that river, and thus Interrupting the water communication with 'Washington, at the s=e time that E well's corps would destroy the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, said thus, out the main line of communication with the capitOL

Eweirs force was considered amply strong enough to cope with any troops

'which the' orth in Its present denuded condition could oppose to it, and it was believed that as soon as the offensive movement of the Confederates, became developed in its true proportions the Federal Government w'oolat -coal Grants whole army. No corps of observation which Grant might leave behind on embarking could hold its ground against a combined land ansi naval attack from ltielamond.

Nearly 3000 prisoners had been brought in from Wilson's corps, so that hisentire loss could not be less than between 4000 and 5000. He hal lost oil his

 artillery trains and stores; in fact, only just escaped total destruction. About twenty miles of the track of the Danvill Railroad was destroyed by him; but as there are no important budges on that portion of the track, the" Corps f Constructions "- a corps of railway engineers and labourers specially formed

fur such purposes-would be able to repair the damage in lees than two

weeks.

The balance or priconee's in favonr of the Confederates doritig the Virginia campaign alone -was estimated at no less than 10,000. A great portion of the. prisoners are stragglers, who voluntarily came into the Confederate lines and surrendered themselves. They report that in GrantPs army so frequent had become the practice of self-mutilation, generally by shooting or cutting off a. finger, that an order has been Issued severely punishing the men as soon see their self-made wounds are healed, and then sending them as labourers -under guard into the trenches. Besides malarions fevers, very malignant bowel complaints, caused by the bad water and the pulverised sand, with which the atmosphere is surcharged, bad appeared, and threatened to become epidemic in the Federal army.  -

Grant was leisurely shelling Petersburg at a distance of about two miles,

but doing little damage. Communications between that city and Richmond were perfect and not in the least disturbed. No scarcity was apprehended of provisions. The a.i-xny was healthy and in excellent spirits. At no time had the Confederates been more sanguine, it was generally considered that General Leo was indisputably master of the situation and that the war could not be prolonged much beyond the present campaign.

There was no distress, but also no excitement, in Richmond. .5. solemn earnest-noes and calm confidence pervaded all classes. The theatres had been closed. The churches were constantly open for prayer, and thronged day and night -with eoldiers and civilians. The houses of the wealthier citizens were so many open private hospitals, and the ladies unremitting in their care of the sick and wounded. Mr. Davis's health was good. Foreign exchange had fallen to 1500, but was little in demand. The prices of most commodities nad declined, owing to the gradual absorption of the redundant currency by axes and the funding system.

The Confederate Congress, previous to its adjournment on the 14th silt., sail, in 'view of the contemplated offensive movements, issued a manifesto,

hiedy, though not in express terms, addressed to the people of the North

a this the earneSt desire of the Confederate States for peace i set forth in

'loqueni language; the war is declared to be one only of self-preservation, old all intentions of conquest or of impeding the happiness said development

! the Northern States is most diethiictly disclaimed.
WSPAPER CORRESPONDENTS AT TREIIAT OF WAR.

'E

1 iva.s writing in my tent yesterday when a Minid bullet came whizzing

through the canvas. passing just by Captain Brudly, Captain Zaft, and Licntcnnnt Dawkens, of General Woods Stair, who were sitting in4ila. It eempltCly disturbed my reflective powers for the time being. Another strack mc lately in the breast. p.reig through my coat and vest; but, fortunately

for me. 1 had my portfolio full of paper inside, through which it alw passed, but did me no serious injury. I intend carrying my life preserver home with mc. Mr. Ilcarrie. of the Cincinnati Tunes, had his portfolio shot through in his hand, and Mr. Furey, of the Cincinnati Gazette, was at sapper, when an naceremoniolls shell came and teak away his candle, leaving him a dark sebjech Bere we get accustomed to such things.-Jfew York Paper.
A Baltimore paper says :-" Oar harbour has been on fire for

the lest twenty-four hours: literally on fire. The surface of the water far thousands of square yards has been a perfect flame, caused by the deatraehet of the Italian ship Juilana, which took fire whilst lying at the wharf aed leading with petroleum. She had on beard 1800 barrels, and had to be Owed ever to the opposite side of the basin to save the surrounding property. As the barrels burst, the oil spread over the water in a flame."

A New York paper relates the following singular occurrence

at the scene of war. A sergeant had been engaged placing upon a number of

headboards the names of members of his regiment who bed been killed no the late fight. There was one beard in excess, and in a sportive vein be placed with a lead-pencil his own name upon it, and the date of his demise, June 2*,

as his term of service had then expired and he was silent to leave for borne. A day or two after, while bidding his companions farewell, be was struck on the breast by a 20-pounder Parrott, and instantly killed. The vary headboard

he had unthinkingly inscribed with his own name was placed ever his grave,

which with date correctly marks his resttnn-olaco

hsSr aSs
A trial between two publishers reveals an unwholesome Ued1ilf amongst the gentlemen engaged in that trade. Burly Sam Johnson, who hated his publishers with a eason, has a burlesque line which 'wil here apply

Who drives fat oxen should himself be fat.

Messrs. Sampson Low, Son, and Maraton buy an American book,

probably more American,,, rubbish. Nevertheless, it is theirs, and they fairly advertise to the world the fact. Another publisher receives an American copy of the work, and forthwith issues the book at an eighth of the first publisher's price. Hence an injunction, and, of course, irritated feelings.; and, through the stupidity of the lawyers engaged, the case brat down, again to be taken up, however. "flaunted Hen "is the nameof the prize for which these gentlemen Contend. Would not all hearts have been more at ease if publishers made accmpact not to touch books which others have announced, and, while the Americans deny us the right of copyright, to encourage English authors and lea-re Yankee rubbish over the water?

It is cheering to find that we have those amongst us who yet believe in the possibility of mediating in America. A deputation of gentlemen, with whom were Admiral Anson and Mr. James Spence (the "5" of the Times), waited on Lord Palmerston to urge the propriety of such a step. The jaunty Minister quoted a Hndibrastic couplet about the common result of interposing in quarrels, and said that, although England was not afraid of the "bloody nose" therein promised, still the time of mediation was not yet come. Surely, a mesesge from over the sea by the Queen herself, or a letter in her own Royal hand expressive of her own and her people's sorrow at the excessive destruction of human life, would not meet with insult, and. might form a basis for the peace party in America to work upon. There is nothing so heartless as red tape; could we not. um this

'Extremity do without it?
THE PETROLEUM OIL-FIELDS AT FRANKLIN, "PENNSYLVANIA.

N this Number of our Journal will be found a couple of. Illustrations

f the locality of the petroleum oil-springs at Franklin, in the State of eunsy1vama, that woncltrful natural production which has lately ivon rise to a most lucrative commerce. The qualities of petroleum, or aineral oil, are, indeed, by no means a modern discovery, and its existlice in many parts of the globe, especially in some countries of Asia, has en proved by the instances of spontaneous combustion which many aident historians have recorde4 In the island of Trinidad, in the

State of Virginia, and at EnmakiJJen, in Western Canada, there is hundanca of this valuable product; but for a long time no efforts yere madeto obtain it for the use of mankind. It was not till 1857 hat operations were commenced for the distillation of the bitumen at nniskillen, and the operators then speedily discovered that by

sinicin  wells a -similar material might be obtained in a

fluid state. Large quantities of oil were thus procured. Two rears later a well was . sunk 'to the depth of seventy feet, m Yenango County, ,?ennsylvania; The oil flowed with such force that for.±taany weeks 1000 gallons per day were -obtained from this.weiL Other wells were speedily sunk, many of which yielded large quantities of oil. In some districts the earth is saturated with the oil, and, occasionally, ii. porous sandstone or limestone will yield considerable quaritities. More commonly, however, the oil is collected in fissures in the rooks, at various depths below the surface, in some cases an ample supply of oil is obtained at a depth of 40 ft., while other wells are sunk as low as 120 ft. to 160 ft. deep. At Titusvifle, Pennsylvania, there are wells of the depth of 590 ft. Usually, when the oil is reached, the pressure of the gas in the fissure forces it up, and it flows for some time to the surface. As soon as the oil has ceased flowing, a pump is employed. Sometimes the oil continues to flow spontaneously, and with such force as to defy every effort to control it. The quantity of oil yielded by the wells varies, however, considerably, some wells producing only ten barrels per day, and. others as much as 300 barrels.

The apparatus to be seen at Oil Creek is of a simple description, consisting of large wooden cisterns sunk in the ground to receiro the oil which rises through tubes lot down into the borings. It is then drawn from the cisterns and put into barrels for exportation. The cisterns are covered, to prevent evaporation, and their leaking is ingeniously prevented by surrounding them with a trench full of water, as the greater specific gravity of the water forbids the oil to escape through it. The casks or barrels of crude oil are conveyed from the Franklin and Titusvffle stations by the Atlantic and Great Western Railway-a. branch of which, fifty-four miles in length, has lately been constructed for this traffic. The Atlantic and Great Western is a line of 400 miles, to Salamanca, on the New York and Erie line, connecting the great town of Cincinnati, and that of St. Louis, still farther west, With the port of Cleveland on Lake Erie and. with the railway to New York, b which an immense export trade in grain and salt meat is canned on. This important means of communication between the most productive region of the western continent and the Atlantic seaboard was formed by a company of which Mr. James M'lleiry, of London, and Senor Salamanca, the well-known Spanish capitalist, are the chief promoters. They began their work in the spring of 1802, taking

4 , .1 ,. --------- . A. A C A 'PA,
The apparatus to be seen at Oil Creek is of a simple description,

consisting of large wooden cisterns sunk in the ground to receive the

oil which rises through tubes let down into the borings. It is then drawn from the cisterns and put into barrels for exportation. The cisterns are covered, to prevent evaporation, and their leaking is ingeniously prevented by surrounding them with a trench full of water, as the greater specific gravity of the water forbids the oil to escape through it. The casks or barrels of crude oil are conveyed from the Franklin and Titusville stations by the Atlantic and Great Western Railway-a branch of which, fifty-four miles in length, has lately been constructed for this traffic. The Atlantic and Great Western is a line of 400 miles, to Salamanca, on the New York and Erie line, connecting the great town of Cincinnati, and that of St. Louis, still farther west, with the port of Cleveland on Lake Erie and. with the railway to New York, by which an immense export trade in grain. and salt meat is carried on. This important means of communication between the most productive region of the western continent and the Atlantic seaboard was formed by a company of which Mr. James M'llemy, of London, arid Senor Salamanca, the well-known Spanish capitalist, are the chief promoters. They began their work in the spring of 1862, taking five thousand English "navvies" to America for the purpose. They obtained the requisite funds by mortgaging the first section of the line when completed, allowing 7 per cent interest on their debentures, and relying upon the high profits which a railway passing through this district-the gateway of the north-western States-was certain. to yield. Their operations have been effected with extraordinary rapidity and success, notwithstanding the civil war. Two hundred miles of railway were constructed in as many days before the end. of 1862, and 145 miles were added in. the course of ThG8. The line is now opened throughout its entire length, traversing the fertile States of Pennsylvania and Ohio and enabling goods or passenger-s to travel from New York to St. Louis, near the coifluOnce of the Mississippi and Missouri, without a change of carriage. The corn of the Western States, the coal and iron of Pennsylvania, and probably, when peace shall be restored, some of the cotton of the South, will by this means find its -way, along with the petroleum oil from Franlthn and other stations, to the main outlet of American maritime commerce. The Oil Creek branch alone has just paid a dividend of 25 per cent on its first year's working. The New York and Eric, and the Ohio and Mississippi lines, by the completion of the Atlantic and Great Western,

 hick links them to each other, have greatly increased their traffic.

or the readier conveyance of the petroleum oil to the railway stations

the oil-producing 'distriOt the company is no* laying down iron

ipes through which the cii' will iéfdrced ffteh the tanks at the ells by powerful ateam.pnps. These parts'öf 'the apparatus cannot, f course, be shown in our' Engitiving. Dining the past year the tiantlo arid. Great Western Railway has carried more than hal-f, a on barrels of petroleum oil, which is not one third of the product of this wonderful region.

The petroleum oil is sent from America in a crude state, just as it pours out of the earth. The business of refining arid

reparung it for use is extensively can-led on in England and

France. The London Hydrocarbon Oil Company, in their menu-factoring establishment at Southail, apply to the American oil a patent

recess of distillation, by which the pare transparent liquid known as

cawje giving, a most beautiful light, is disengaged from the grosser elements of the petroleum, as well as from the spirituous part, which

•elda,-an explosive gas. The latter substance is largely employed iiistckd of turpentine for various manufacturing purposes, while the ca2eline is burned, -without the slightest danger, in the lamps on our drawingrooiu tables, free from smoke and smell. Nor are these the ouly'irss of the- petroleum oil. Experiments have lately been made,

' order of the French Government, to test its value as fuel for the

gines of their steam navy. It has been proved that a given quantity

f this substance will generate, in. half the time, as much steam as

aid be produced by burning twice the weight of coal. It seems ely that the introduction o this portablu ael will have a great effect pontheilveiopmeirt9f rnavigatin. The Southall works alone refine fifty thousand barrels yearly.
The report brought by the steamer Wonder of an engagement

between the Kearse.rge and the Florida, off Jersey, is false, as we were able to

annonnee in e Considerable part of our Impression last week.

MkIM, I
AMERICA.

The raid into Maryland has been brought to a close, and the Con

federate forces have recrossed the Potomac, carrying with then. immense quantities of plunder. On the 9th inst., the Confederates had reached apositionmidwaYbetween Baltimore and Washington, and were threatening both towns. An engagement took place with a strong Federal force under the command of General Wallace, in which the latter was defeated and forced to retire on Baltimore. Several of the. bridges on the railroad connecting that town with Washington were destroyed, the telegraph-wires cut, and two trains captured, one of which contained a general officer and his Staff. Having approached Baltimore sufficiently close to burn the residence of the Governor of Maryland, which stood within four miles of that town, the invaders, turned southward and made their appearance in the northern environs of Washington. A demonstration was made against one of the outlyingforts. But on the 14th inst. the invading force withdrew from before Washington and recrossedthe Potomac, carrying with it enormous stores. and alargenumberof horses. Such, briefly told, are the events whichtook.

Fojlace in Maryland between the 9th and 11th inst. The Federals, who, t is stated, have been reinforced by the arrival of two divisions from General Grant's army, were reported to have also crossed the Potomac at Edward's Ferry, in pursuit.

The Governor of Pennsylvania had earnestly appealed to the people to volunteer for short service, and rather reproaches the Philadelphians for act displaying more alacrity in responding to his first call.

One of the correspondents of the New York Herald was in the train-

 Kfrom Baltimore to Philadelphia, which was captu,,ed by the: i.alglderates. He says

At forty minutes past nine the express train to New York started with,

passengers, your correspondent among the number. We reached Gunpowder

river all safe, and immediately after passing thalong trestle bridge, speed wasincraased. About two miles team the bridge, at Magnolia station, two or three pistol-shots were heard, when the train suddenly stopped, and a cry was raised, "The rebels are on us." But a few seconds elapsed before they entered the oars, carrying pistols in their hands. The first question asked. was, "Are there any ladies in this car?" On being answered in the odloanettre they ordered every lady to sit down. This was immediately followed by another order to " Clear out." It was while leaving the can that purses and watches were taken from the passengers. The request to hand them over was enforced by a cooked pistol held at the heads of the victimised passengers The prisoners were then placed under a strong guard, and the ears set on fire, after the baggage end express cars bed been emptied. Steam was then got up, the engine reversed, and the train of blazing oars run down to Gunpowder Bridge. A column of dense black smoke was soon seen rising in the direction of the bridge, and when the rebels who had been in charge of the bridge returned they said the bridge was burning finely, and would be totally consumed. Major-General Franklin was a passenger on board the first train. He was dressed in citizen's clothes, end when the rebels entered: the car end asked him who he was, he replied, "Nobody of any account." The guard passed on a few yards, when a Baltimore lady (of whom there were o number on board) told him the General's rank and name. The guard returned and demanded his papers, which were of course handed over, and the General was taken from the car.

 This correspondent notes the significant fact that a large number of the. invaders were Marylanders themselves, and knew not only the country but the people. He says

They were under the command of Major Harry Gilmore, and consisted of twenty-five men belonging to the lot Regiment Maryland Cavalry, and the. balance belonging to the and Maryland, Major Gilmore's own regiment. From their conversation I learned that the majority were residents of Maryland. They were armed with pistols, carbines, and sabres. The lady prisoners were remarkably well treated by the rebels, and it was somewhat amusing whim the; train was stopped to see the rebel horsemen ride up to the car windows, where. they were greeted somewhat as follows:

-" Why, Tom, is that you?" "flow are you, Harry?" "Oh l come inside." Small white hands were grasped hr the brown hard ones of the troopers and warmly shaken. Many of them die-mounted, and, on entering the car, were very affectionately kissed by theirlady friends. It appeared to be quite e joyful meeting. The other prisoners. were treated very well, -with the exception of being obliged to give up whateverany of their captors fancied he would like to possess. One gentlemen-a doctor, I believe-was compelled to draw off his boots and exchange them. for a pair of dust), cowhide riding-boots, or rather leggings, as they were minus the soles. A rebel fancied my hat, and took it, with the remark, "Hero, I went that hat I" at the same time giving me his tobacco-stained

and rusty -looking felt in exchange. My haversack followed next. It can-and among other things, a number of despatches and a long list of casualties. The blanket followed shortly afterwards, and soon I, togetherwith the majority of the prisoners, had no article of value left. The man who' appropriated the haversack very, kindly allowed me to retain two photographsand a toothbrush. Likenesses were in every instance returned to the owners, as were also any other small articles of no value to the rebels. As far as lay in their power, everything was done to make our situation pleasant. I am hut; performing an act of simple justice by stating that Major Merry Gilmore was. not cognisant of the conduct of his men. He strictly prohibited all steeling from prisoners; but the event proved that the lawless troopers under his oommand could not be restrained from lllchiug a purse or a watch when a fairopportunity presented itself.

4. 4_A,4
- This correspondent notes the significant fact that a large number of

they invaders were Marylanders themselves, and knew not only the

country but the people. He says :

They were under the commend of Major Harry Gilmore, and consisted of

twenty-five men belonging to the let Regiment Maryland Cavalry, and the.

balance belonging to the 2nd Maryland, Major Gilmore's own regiment. Preen their conversation I learned that the majority were residents of Maryland. They were armed with pistols, carbines, and sabres. The lady prisoners were remarkably well treated by the rebels, and it was somewhat amusing wham the: train was stopped to sea the rebel horsemen ride up to the car windows, whore. they were greeted somewhat as follows:-11 Why, Tom, is that you?" "How are you, Harry?" "Oh! cone inside." Small white hands were grasped bythe brown hard case of the troopers and warmly shaken. Many of them dismounted, and, on entering the car, were very affectionately kissed by their lady friends. It appeared to be quite a joyful meeting. The other prisoners. were treated very well, with the exception of being obliged to give up whateverany of their captors fancied he would like to possess. One gentleman-3 doctor, I believewas compelled to draw off his hoots and exchange then for a pair of dusty cowhide riding-boots, or rather leggings, as they were minus the soles. A rebel fancied my hat, and took it, with the remark, "Hero, I went that bet I" at the same time giving me his tobacco-stained and noctylooking felt in exchange. My haversack followed next. It contained, among ether things, a number of despatches and a long list of casualties. The blanket followed shortly afterwards, and soon I, togetherwith the majority of the prisoners, had no article of value left. The manwhe" appropriated the haversack very kindly allowed me to retain two photographs. and a toothbrush. Likenesses were in every instance returned to the owners, as were also any other entail articles of no value to the rebels. As far as layin their power, everything was done to make our situation pleasant I em but: performing an act of simple justice by stating that Major Harry Gilmore wee. not cognisant of the conduct of his men. He strictly prohibited oil stealing from prisoners; but the event proved that the lawless troopers under his commend could not be restrained from filching a purse or a watch when a fairopportunity presented itself.

 The Times New York correspondent reports great indifference

among the people of that city and of Pennsylvania (our own cor

respondent's State) with regard to the Confederate advance. He

writes

Governor Curtis, of Pennsylvania, is both alarmed and indignant, and. utterly at a loss to account for such lukewarmness-he will not call it cowardice-on the pert of his people. In a proclamation addressed to theMayor of Philadelphia and the people of Pennsylvania, he tells thorn candidly that they are not responding freely to his and the President's demands; urges them to come forward "like esen" and "do their duty;" accuses them of stupidity iii not understanding the gravity of the *cnmetancoe, and "prays to God to enlighten them, that the honour of their commonwealth may be preserved." But the people make no sign. The poor attend to their daily work as if nothing were amiss; and the rich send away their jewels, their plate, and their greenbacks to safer cities than their own-some cram so far' to the north as Boston, end some still further-to Toronto and Montreal,. out of Federal jurisdiction altogether, The Mayor of New York, Mr. Gunther, in a letter to Major-General Snndferd, commanding the New York militia, endeavoure to pee-suede that officer that the trueplace for the militia is in New York and not in Washington. In this. singular document ho states "that in these times of general and local peril enlightened self-interest is emphatically the synonym of patriotism." Taking this curious aphorism as the basis of his argument, he furthermore states his"grave apprehaeions" that the withdrawal of any considerable number of melitiemen from, the city at this moment, when the depreciation of thecurrency is hearing heavily upon the masses of the people," might tempt the. lawless and evil-disposed to avail themselves of what might seem to them a favourable opportunity for arson said plunder," and for that reason "earnestly pretests against any material redaction" of the local force. It is difficult, in, view of public utterances so significant as these, and of the indifference, notto say the contempt, with which Mr. Lincoln's appeals for assistance areeverywhere received, to avoid believing that at last the people are losing heath. In the war, and that, if Mr. Lincoln cannot repel invasion and conquer the South by the abundant means already placed at his disposal, they are coming to the conclusion that peace cannot be made too soon. There is no longer any enthusiasm for the war, unless it be in the counting-houses of three who are making money by it. Even the Churches have lost faith, and Dr. Cheever sees nothing but nun in the war if Mr. Lincoln is left to conduct it.

The only news we have of the forces before Petersburg is that

the Confederates have made demonstrations on Grant's left, with the

object of getting in his rear.

Accounts from Georgia stated that the Federal General Sherman had followed General yohaiston's army across the Chattahooche Rover, end had arrived within sight of the defences of Atlanta.

Mr. Lincoln had issued the following proclamation of his policy oar the question of reconatrnction of the Union

Whereas, at the last Session, Congress passed a bill to guarantee to certain

States, whose Governments have been usurped or overthrown, e Republican form of Government, a copy of which is hereunto annexed; and whereas the said bill was presented to the President of the United States for his approval less then one hour before the sine die adjournment of said Session, and was not signed by him; end whereas the said bill contains, among other things, a. plan for restoring the States in rebellion to their proper practical relation in. the Union, which plan expressed the sense of Congress upon that subject, and
- which plan it is now thought fit to lay before the people for their eonrderaticn :

Dew, therefore, 7, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, do proclaim, declare, and make known that while I am, as I was in December lest, when by proclamation I propounded a plan for restoration ; end while I em also unprepared, by a formal approval of this bill, to be inflexibly cam,totted to any single plan of restoration; and while I am also unprepared to lee lace that the Free State constitutions and governments already adopted ard installed in Arkansas and Louisiana shall be set aside and heldfor nought, iliertby expelling and discouraging the loyal citizens who have set up the conic as to further effort, or to declare a constitutional amendment abolishing elavecy throughout the nation, may be adopted. Nevertheless, I am daily satiefied with the system for restoration contained in the bill, as tue very proper plan for the loyal people of any State choosing to adapt it; and I am, and at all times shall be, prepared to give the Executive aid end assistance to any such people as soon as the military rceietsnse to the United States shall have been an pprcseed in any such State, and the people thereof shall have sufficiently returned to their obedience to the Constitution and the laws of the United States, in which case military governors will he appointed, with directions to proc eed according to the bill. In tqsilmcny whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Dane afthe city of Washington, this 8th day of July, in the year of our

 lord one-thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and of the independence of she United States the 89th.  By the President,

W. H. Seward, Secretary of State.  ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

Washington official records show that upwards of 150 female recruits have been discovered during the war. Over seventy of these martial demoiselles, when their sex was discovered, were acting as officers' servants.

The Confederate steamer Florida has been committing serious depredations on American shipping off the Virginia and North Carolina coast. It is reported that she has destroyed at least ten vessels. The Florida had also capture d the transport-steamer Electric Spark, a fast vessel of 800 tons burd en, carrying a valuable cargo of assorted goods, and bound for New Orleans. Several Federal gunboats have gone in pursuit of the Florida.

That the Northerners should crow over the destruction of the Alabama is but natural. The Washington Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Gideon Welles, in a despatch to Captain Winslow of the Kearsarge, sends him his promotion to Commodore, and does not forget to recall the English equipment of the Alabama. He says,

You will please express to the officers and crew of the Itearsarge the satisfaction of the Government at the victory over a vessel superior in tonnage, superior in number of gnus, and superior in the number of her crew. The battle was so brief, the victory so decisive, and the comparative results so striking, that the country will be reminded of the brilliant actions of our infant navy, which have been repeated and illustrated in this engagement. The Alabama represented the beet maritime effort of the most skilled English workshops. Her battery was composed of the well-tried 12-pounders of 17 cwt., of the famous 69-pounder of the British Navy, and of the only successful rifled lOt-psemder yet produced in England. The crew were generally recruited in Great Britain, and many of them received superior training on board her Majesty's gunnery-ship Excellent.

Secretary Fasssndan had appealed to the bankers of Now York for a loan of 50,000,000 duls. until Sept. 1, to most the immediate wants of Government; and it is stated that the bankers will accept the loan.

Gold, after advancing to 2804, closed on the 16th at 2641.

The State Convention of Maryland, now in session at Annapolis,

has adopted, by a large majority, a constitutional amendment declaring that "hereafter in this State there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except in punishment of crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted; and all persons held to service or labour as slaves are hereby declared free."

A collision occurred on the 15th inst. between two trains on the Delaware and Lakawana Railway, in Pennsylvania, by which over a hundred persons-principally Confederate prisoners, who were being convoyed to the camp at Elmira, New York-were killed or wounded.
-uxtaosun (&olineeyA).-LOrd Ii. HOWARD called attention to the subject of emigration to ,the United States of America, in reference to the prelongetlon of the war now roping in that country. The noble Lord detailed a number of cases in which a great many mechanics had been decoyed over to America, under the inducement of good work and high wages in large firms in Canada. Instead of being convoyed to that place, they were lauded in New York, and there, having been surfeited with whisky, deserted, without the means of subsistence; and ultimately many of them were compelled to enter the Federal army from sheer necessity to escape starvation. He looked with much concern on the greet emigration at present going on, and he advised large manufacturers to do their utmost to stop the flow of skilled labour from their several districts. The noble Lord then referred to the circumstances that occurred a short time ago in Ireland, and afterwards read extracts from letters written by those who had unfortunately been deluded into quitting England for America, all of whom advised their fellow-workmen to look with the greatest suspicion upon all inducements to visit the United States at the present moment. It might be that the wages given there would be larger then those in England, yet the price of the necessaries of life were so enormous that the lesser sum earned in England went further then that to be obtained in America. If it were possible, be should like the Government to give some expression of opinion upon the subject; but he felt certain the Foreign Office would do all that was possible to protect those who had been kidnapped from their native loud to take part in a dreadful war which was a disgrace to both contending parties. The noble Lord concluded by moving for certain papers relative to emigration.-Mr. LAvABD said the noble Lord had dens good service in calling attention to the subject of emigration to America. He could net see how many of the difficulties mentioned by the noble Lord could be obviated, but he advised the greatest caution to be observed by all quitting their native lend. The Government had directed the proper: authorities to do all that wee possible to protect English emigrbnts; but, at the same time, he hoped that all those parties who went to America-it was idle to suppose that emigration could be stepped-would exorcise the greatest discretion. The emigration officers, the noble Lord might rest assured, would do all in their power to prevent unfair practices; but be felt certain that blame was not to be attached to the American Government. He would willingly give the noble Lord all the papers be desired.-Mr. P. HEcercEssy, seeing the Secretary for Ireland in his place, said the emigration from Cork to enlist In the American army was going on at the present time to the same extent as it was at the beginning of the year-Mr. LINDSAY said it was of the greatest importer CO that extreme caution should be exercised by emigrants. The present value of the American duller was certainly not 4s. Id. To show the extent of the horror of the present struggle and the sacrifice of human life, It was said that upwards of a million of lives must have been already sacrificed.-Sir N. PEEL, in reply to the hon. and learned member, acid a proclamation had been issued by the Lord Lieutenant, which he hoped would check the tide of emigration from Ireland. The greatest efforts were being used to make all persons well acquainted with the state of affairs in America-After a few words from Mr. P. Taylor, Lord I. Mnesens thought that the Emigration Commissioners should issue a warning, stating that it was net safe for the humbler people of England to go to America to find a home.-The motion was agreed to.
A story of almost unexampled horror is given

in the American papers, being the substance of a depo

sition by a survivor of the wreck of a ship called the

sa'vjna, 'which loft Onloutta on Dec. 25, bound for Boston.

Her crew consisted of about thirty persons. She was so fearfully damaged in a. storm that she sank, eleven of the crew clinging to floating spars, but the rest, with the master and his brother, perished at once. The survivors endured horrible tortures. Tied to the spars, they lay down upon the sails, and the seas washed over them. At seven o'clock the wind died away, and, tearing a. shirt in two, they raised a signal of distress. Two pumpkins, sole relies of the ship's atores,were seen floating nigh, but not within reach, and they looked longingly upon them as they passed by. At noon the gale again sprang up, blowing as furiously as before. The waves swept tumultuously over the raft, carrying,away two of their number. One, George Chase, swamback, anfiwas assisteduponit, but,soouturning black in the face from swallowing sea water, died. All through that day and night the storm continued,moderatingtowards morning. The sky was overcast the second day, but the wind went down and the sea became more calm. Th am rose bright and clear in a cloudless sky the morning of the third day, and his beams beat most fiercely upon their tmsheltered heads. Maddened with thirst, in their agony, some of them drank the seawater and died. The fourthday dawned with a sun, though not as lustrous and ardent as before. Another died. The survivors cutoff his legs, and ate for the first time since leaving the ship. Not a morsel had they eaten, net a drop.of freshwater hadthey drunk,for four days. The clouds gathered overhead on the fifth day, but the sun burnt them off and shone more scorchinglythan ever. That evening one of their comrades slipped over the side, saying, "I am golnghome, lean stay here nolouger-Iwaut to sec my mother-come with me, we shall not b long away and soon return." They were too weak to prevent it, and he swam away. Par as their dim eyes could range did they wistfully watch him swimming on, the sharks plashing their white fins by his side, till he was lost in the distance. The sixth day came and went, and another died, The seventh morning found them hopeless and despairing; too weak to stand, spiritless and exhausted, they lay feebly clinging to the spars, and another died. But three were left now of the eleven-end still through the long forenoon did the burning rays of that terrible sun fall hotly upon them. At the last moment relief came. The French burqne Claire, Robert master, discovered the raft, their signal fortunately flying, and dispatched a boat to their assistance.
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

Waroc Mr. Gideon Welles goes out of his way to assure Captain Winslow that in destroying the "piratical craft Alabama" he destroyed the best maritime effort of the most skilled English workshop,; and the best battery of England, with the only successful 100-ponndcr yet produced in Great Britain, served by a crew of superior English training on board H.M.S. Excellent, we are quite aware of his meanWe all know what a pointed aside means in a tragedy or farce. When the swaggering captain tells his friend, in the presence of the unmistakable peace-lover, "My pistols are loaded to the muzzle, and I can snuff a candle at twenty paces," what can he mean but to terrify the poor fellow. Of corn-se, as may be expected, poor John Bull shakes in his ironclads, and trembles even at Wimbledon. But the recapitulation is as gratuitous as it is insulting and untrue. Captain Blakeley's 100-pounder is not the only one we can turn out, and the sinking of the Alabama had very little to do with her guns or her crew-weak wooden sides are not calculated to resist steel shot. or, as the late Mr. Selby said in one of his farces, "it 'a no use

tryin' to stop a cannon ball with a humhrclla." Might we suggest to America U.S. that it is undignified for their Secretary to the Navy to talk at us like an angry woman at her rival, or to write like Mr. Jeaffreson Brick, the war correspondent of the New York Stabber, when he addressed the "tyrannical despot Victoria, seated, in the of her Guards, at her palace in the Tower, of London."
cease their feud*,- other at ,. Tb Conservative party a a a a West, led "ny- the Hon. John A lfacaonahl. and the Radical party, led by the Hon. George Brown the editor of the Toronto Globe, dropped their weapons and agreed t a compromise. Dividing the Upper Canadian share of offices be twee them, they have formed what may almost he called a Provisiona Government on the aforesaid basis of a new Constitution, the detail of which are not yet elaborated, but which will, it is said, provide fo the division of Canada into three provinces, of which Quebec Kingston, and Toronto will be the respective capitals, with Ottaw for tire federal capital.

The Canadians are anxious to know how this intelligence will hi received in the "old country." We can only say, for ourselves, tim what pleases them pleases us. While we regard the resolution the) have Just taken as an escape from an intolerable situation, we do no blind ourselves to the fact that it is another step taken towards thei independence of the mother country, at the same time that it is one tending to make more remote than ever the era of their annexation to the United States. Anything that develops a robust feeling of Canadian nationality is well received here, where we are much more desirous to save Canada from being "swamped" by the United States than to make sacrifices to perpetuate her political connection with ourselves. The views of colonial policy first put forth by Adam Smith, and recently revived with great energy by Professor Goldwin Smith, have certainly made considerable headway since 1840, when, in the debate already alluded to, they were championed by such high authorities as Lords Ashburton and Brougham. 'the confession lately wrung from Earl Russell in the Dnno-German debate that the menacing aspect of our future relations with the United States continually hampered the freedom of our action and weakened our position in the European arena has not fallen upon unheeding ears; nor do we fail to perceive that our most vulnerable point of contact with the United States is precisely the xtended and esnosed frontier of Canada.

 THE WAR IN AMERICA.-FIELD'S TEXANS "STRAGGLING TO THE yRONT."

Oust Special Artist and Correspondent with the Confederate army in Virginia, having joined the head-quarters of General Longstreet's corps, has sent us a sketch representing the very spirited affair which he witnessed in the outer line of their intrenchments on the south side of the James River, about thirteen miles from Richmond. When General Beauregard, on the 15th ult., was attacked at Petersburg and obliged to collect his forces in that city, a wide interval was left open between his position and that of General Lee at Drury's Bluff. The Federals were thus enabled to take possession of this line of intreuchinente, and occupy it in force until the arrival of Loagstreet's corps on the I liii,. "At first," says our Correspondent, "General Anderson. who, in the absence of General Longstreet from the field, commanded the corps, thought it necessary to storm the position, and gave orders to Pickett's division to go in. Immediately afterwards it was discovered that we could get a better line without sacrificing the men, and the order to assault was countermanded, but too late; for Pickett was already at it. Field's division, however, was pulled up, as it was on its way to support the other; and aides-decamp were seat to recall Pickett. In the mean time, Field's Texans got impatient. They straggled to the front by twos and threes, despite every effort to keep them hack. At last, the whole body, officers and men, gave a yell, and, with one rush, they were in the works. The Yankees fled pell-mell to a line of intrenchanents beyond, leaving heaps of dead and dying." The Richmond correspondent of a contemporary relates the same affair in his most recent letter

"Yesterday evening General Lee sent Pickett's end Field's divisions to retake a line held by the Federals; but, as it was represented to him by the engineers that a better line could be secured without any loss of life, he gave an order to recall the troupe. It reached Field's division in time, but Pickett's men had already 'gone in,' end were at work. The others were at a halt, but when they saw their comrades engaged, the men commenced straggling in, first by twos and threes, then by whole companies, then by regiments, and the officers had no option but to follow. In a few moments the position was won. The Yankees hardly made a show of resistance. Most of them saved themselves by flight, but a few were captured, and proved to be the 'one hundred days' men' who had been caught, to their great disgust. How different the conduct of the Virginia reserves drawn from civil life, and hurried to the field in defence of their families and homes! When. this incident vas reported to General Lee, he laughed, and said that 'he had often heard of men straggling to the rear in a battle, but he had never before heard of their straggling to the front."

A letter from General Lee to General Anderson has been published relating to this affair. The Commander-in-Chief warmly congratulates General Anderson upon the conduct of these men; and remarks,

I believe they will carry anything they are put against. We tried very hard to stop Pickett's men from capturing the breastworks of the enemy, but could not do it,"
Rambles in the Rocky Mountains. - By Matuice OConnorMOrI5. (1 vol. Smith, Elder. and Co.) Where is Denver City? is a question. shich Mr. Morris-no doubt, rightly-supposes very few Englishmen can answer. Howbeit the events of the last three years have tended to make "Britishers" better acquainted than they were before with American geography; and it is, therefore, not improbable that there are more Englishmen than Mr. Morris imagines whose eyes have

ecome familiar with the map of what was heretofore the United

States, who could point out "Fremout's route in 1845." who could

oven put their finger upon the spot marked "Denver City.' and who

'could say composedly, "There it is, in Colorado." Nevertheless, Colorado has certainly not yet been explored by travelling Englishmen, and the traveller should prick up his ears and snuff 'adventure or novelty from afar when Mr. Moths assures him "that if any fluizeur in London who is weary of the perfumed airs of Bond-street., and has lost his taste for moors and stttbbles, will cross the plains and pay .

• -., .-. .-'. -
the Rocky Mountains a visit, he will return with a keener zest for the pleasures of civilised life, and with his 'mets sans in corpora sano' all the fresher for what he has seen and exleidenced." And we can assure those who feel inclined to undertake the expedition not bodily but mentally, not by laud and water, but by paper and print, that they will find Mr. Morris a very agreeable companion and guide it aeviss the green prairies of Kansas and the sandy saharas of Nebraska "totheoid-fielde of the Rocky Mountains
EMIGRATION TO AMERICA.

WITHIN twenty-four hours of the closing ceremonial of the Session of Parliament, and in a House of Commons consisting of far less than twenty-four hearers, a speech was delivered which ought not to be allowed to pass into immediate oblivion. It contained a solemn warming, founded on facts, addressed to a class of the population of the United Kingdom whose value is acknowledged in the very circumstance of that warning. Lord Edward Howard, when he brought forward the subject of emigration to the Northern States of America, and, laid bare its true conditions and incidents as at present existing, seemed almost to have felt a presentiment of the new demand for 500,000 men made by President Lincoln for the prosecution of the war which he conducts on the part of the Federal States, the news of which was within a few miles of this country when the remarkable speech of the noble Lord was spoken. In the brief debate which followed its utterance it was unanimously declared that the most effectual way of attaining the object which Lord Edward Howard had in view would be the giving the utmost publicity to his address; and pointed and distinct appeals were made to those who control or contribute to the newspapers of the day to aid in the dissemination of statements which commend themselves to the serious consideration of those to whom they were specially directed. Compliance with a request so urged, and

based on such grounds of acceptation, seems to us a simple duty; and it is with a desire to do 'what in us lies to spread the information which was laid before Parlianieiit in a spirit of philanthropy 'worthy of a representative of the people that; after the lapse of some days, we deem it no more than right to revive statements of so much importance.

 As the legal representative of the youthful Duke, of Norfolk, ithas been the duty of LordEdward Howardpersonallytobecome aoqualnted with the condition of a part of the population of Lancashire which resides in or about the great Howard property in that district. As a member of the Relief Committee at Glossop, which undertook to meet the difficulties and distresses caused by the cotton famine, knowledge of the baneful operation of the so-called emigration to America was forced upon the noble Lord. It was made manifest to him that the labouring population were suffering under a delusion, from which he has done something to awaken them. The plain fact is, that a system is in existence which, under the name of emigration, is nothing more nor less than a base and insidious scheme of recruiting for the Federal army. In the outset let it be said that, in the strict sense of the term, we attach no blame to the Federal Government. There is no evidence of complicity on the part of that Government in the infamous proceedings which have been brought to light. Indeed, it appears that the remonstrances of Lord Lyons on behalf of British subjects who

have been kidnapped by false pretences into the Federal army have been attended to by Mr.Sewardin an official manner; but, as everyone knows, official action at the seat of Goveimment does not necessarily result in the redress of grievances which are connected with military organisation in a time of war, especially when it is directed towards the discharge of men from a force which loses soldiers by hecatombs and in which the demand for reinforcements is enormously beyond the supply. Still, the Federal authorities fully acknowledge the injustice and the oppression of the practices of the recruiting which is going on, which, in the very nature of things, has fallen into the hands of agents of the vilest and most unscrupulous character. The military commandant of New York, the chief recruiting d6pt, in his reports, has spoken of the circumstances under which men are obtained for service in the field in no measured terms. He says "that almost every imaginable form of outrage and deception has been developed; the outrages practised on recruits are too- unjust to be borne, and in many cases 'too loathsome to be detailed. Many-indeed, most-of these unfortunate men were either deceivea or kidnapped, or both, in the most .scandalous and inhuman manner in New York city." Doubtless, -these - candid observations apply to men of all nationalities, including Americans; but it is in their appli. cation to the men of this country that we especially pro. - pose to consider them. It is undeniable that a regular
agency of -rillany has been established in this eontr7, in the north of England and in Ireland particularly, by which men are inducedto abandon prospects of steady thoughlaborious maintenance in this country by representations of large wages and more than corresponding social advantages in America who, immediately on reachingthat land of promise, of freedom, and of comparative wealth, are decoyed, cajoled, threatened, and, as the last resort, drugged, until they find themselves enlisted in the Federal army. They are at once conveyed to the dipôt at Long Island, where they are, under the pretext of undergoing the training which is indispensable to military discipline and the making of a soldier, subjected to cruelties, privations, and outrages which no one has yet ventured to chronicle in writing; and as soon as possible, but not too soon for their sufferings, they are sent on to form parts of those forlorn hopes, composed of the newest arrived recruits, which are recklessly hurled at the fortified strongholds of the enemy, and to create ramparts with their dead bodies behind which the main bodies may retreat.

Let it be well understood that every day, by means of the grossest false pretences, married men, the heads of families, are going out to America in the hope of avoiding distress at home, who in a few weeks help to swell the fearful lists of the dead which are reported from time to time from the seat of war about Richmond. According to the statements of Lord Edward Howard-the authenticity of whih cannot be deniedmen axe sought out and offered work, as first-rate mechanics, in Canada, at large wages, an undertaking is given to pay their passages out on the condition (the insidiousness of which is to be observed) that such expenses are thereafter to be

edueted from their wages; and they find themselves at the end of the voyage landed at New York, where, penniless and friendless, they fall an easy prey to the recruiting shark. Of the numerous devices to bring about this end it is only necessary to mention drugging, which has been before alluded to, the result of which is that the men awake from a stupor and find themselves in the uniform of the Federal army, and with the usual attestations of enlistment complete against them; contrivances to get them into the hands of the police, who, acting in fraudulent unison with the recruiting agents, threaten and cajole them into enlisting; while, in the Inst extreme, the simple method-borrowed from the practices of, and perhaps canted on by, slave-traders, changing only the type of man whom they deal in, is adopted, and they are. compelled by mere physical violence to enlist. So complete is the organ. isation of the system, that in the vessels of all kinds which run between this country and New York agents pass to and fro regularly, who ingratiate themselves with emigrants who have not been entrapped at home but are voluntarily seeking new

and, as they believe, better_Lfields for their labour; and in the result they land under the auspices of these persons, and are led straight into the pit which gapes for their ingiilfment.

As a rule, the men are enlisted in false names, so that inquiries srter them under their real designations are practically useless; and, even if they should pass unscathed through the perils of a 'war which is almost one of extermination, nothing can be heard of them until that period, so illusory and so hopeless, shall have

rrived when peace is re-established in America. In the event

of am an once enlisted attempting to desert, he is shot as a

matter of course. The vigorous simplicity of this proceeding is

obvious.

purposes which, almost peculiar to this country, has so constantly supplemented and aided the law. Even a small association for the dissemination in a readable form of the facts which Lord Edward Howard laid before the House of Commons might do much. Why should it not be tried?
But, assuming that an English emigrant escapes from or does not fall into the net of the recruiting agent; that he finds himself on the shores of America under the conditions which attach to him as a working-man seeking employment more remu

erative and affording him a prospect of more immediate comforts and greater future prosperity than he could have hoped for at home, how does it really and truly fare with him? Is it the fact that he is in a land where ample 'work, high wages, and abundance of the necessaries of life are accessible at low prices? The very reverse is the case. In the rst place, a labouring man, if he obtain employment, which is anything but a certainty, is paid in dollars-that is, in the notorious green-backs, and he has been led to suppose that a dollar is equivalent to 4s. Id. of English money. Now, the truth is, that a dollar is worth something less than is. 6d., so that a man nominally earning eight or nine dollars a week is xeceiving in value not more than fifteen or sixteen shillings; and, as several workmen writing to their friends at home have stated, they ore doing worse in. mere money-getting than they were in England, while the high prices of all sorts of provisions, fuel, and clothing still further depreciate their gains, and they find that they have exchanged, perhaps, a struggle in. their own country for positive pauperism in another and a strange land, 'which is in the agonies of civil war, of revolution, and may be ere long in a state of anarchy.

Such are the prospects of emigration to America at the present' moment; and it is well that every effort should be made to bring this knowledge clearly to the minds of those whom it most concerns. This is no case for rhetorical artifice; it is not necessary to dress it up with fanciful garniture before it is presented to the consideration of the public. There is an eloquence in the facts which will sufficiently speak to the judgments of those whose duty it is (as in cases like that of Lord Edward Howard it is their pleasure) to contribute to the well-being o the working classes. The

.n go

- ney for evil and for wrongdoing in this particular matter is widespread, active, unscrupulous. Why should not acme counter-agency be set up to meet and to neutralise the vile operation which is notoriously going n in this country? The law, trammelled by the rules of 'idenec. is, in the main, powerless to deal even with detected

offendera. The Executive Government can only net by niennsof

thcnw: but there is, as we think, a remedy to be iouncl in the P'(7.614; 'I (if that great prhiciple oi asacciat.ion for pMlanthropk,

A RIGA.

We have news from New York to the 23rd nit.

It has been authoritatively, though not officially, announced that Atlanta has been taken by. the Federals alter a battle fought before the fortifications on the 21st nit., which resulted in the Confederates retiring with a loss of 600 killed and 4000 wounded and prisoners. The Confederate General Johnston had been previously superseded by General Hood. The Fec1ra1, it was added, had cut all Hood's lines of retreat except that to Macon, and occupied Atlanta. On the other band, General Forrest, with 10,000 Southerners, was reported to be menacing Sherman, and, again, General A. J. Smith, with a corps of Federals from Memphis, was harassing Forrest. Atlanta is in the centre of the State of Georgia, about 115 miles south of Chattanooga. It is the point of junction Of four railways: the railway north, to Chotf an coga the railwa, "011thwestward, to Mobile md Pensacola. QM tI:c Mexican Golf; the railway eastward, t) Augusta and
Charleston; the railway south-eastward, to Macon and to Savannah, on the Atlantic. Atlanta is thus an important strategical point.

Nothing important has occurred at Petersburg. The Confederates are stated to be engaged in an attempt to blockade the ,Tames Live; with the object of cutting off General Grant's communications by water. Grant is said to have contracted his lines, though still proceeding with the siege of Petersburg, and to have dispatched General Sheridan upon another raid on the railway communication with. Richmond.

The Confederates got off from Maryland safely with their booty,, and the attempt of the Federals to pursue them has been abandoned, not, however, without having somewhat harassed them, and capturingfour guns and some stores. The militia called out in the midst of the alarm have been dismissed.

There were rumours when the last mail left of a new Confederate invasion of Maryland -rid Muddy Branch and B.ockvifle. A Southern force of 5000 men was said to have again crossed the Potomac.

The latest despatches also report the discovery of a conspiracy for the formation of a Northwestern Confederacy, embracing all the conspiracy

in the Mississippi Valley. Several prominent citizens of St. Louis, implicated in the affair, had been arrested.

News of a Confederate victory comes from Fort Hudson, on the Mississippi, where the Federal troops under command of General Elliott were attacked and routed with great slaughter, the roads for miles being strewed with dead negroes, horses, and arms.

The bombardment of Fort Sumter, of which we have heard very little recently, has been renewed with increased violence, from thirty to forty shells being daily thrown into Charleston. The Confederates are reported to have been successful in driving the enemy from John and James Island to Morris Islands.

An attempt at negotiation has been made by some Southern politicians staying at Clifton House, Niagara Falls. Mr. Clement C. Clay and Mr. J. P. Holcomb, semi-official representatives of the Southern Government, communicated to Mr. Horace Greeley that they were willing to proceed to Washington for the discussion with the President of peace propositions, although not accredited by the Confederate Government for that purpose. President Lincoln replied, through Mr. Greeley, by means of a note addressed simply "To those whom it may concern," that the Federal Government would receive and meet on liberal terms "any proposition embracing the restoration of peace the integrity of the Union, and the abandonment of Southern slavery." Messrs. Clay and Holcomb emphatically declined visiting Washington,, Mr. Lincoln's answer precluding negotiations by pre-arrarging conditions. If peace could only be secured by submission to terms of conquest., the generation was yet unborn that would witness the restoration of peace.

The Confederate invasion into Maryland seems to have produced considerable effect on the Washington Cabinet, for the President has isned his order for 500,000 men to serve for one year, to be obtained b draught, immediately after the 5th of September next, if not previously obtained by volunteering.

Mr. Fessenden the new Secretary of the Treasury, had declined the terms required by the New York banks for the proposed loan of fifty million dollars, and determined to offer apopoilar loan, the interest of which is to be paid in gold.

Gold, upon the announcement of the occupation of Atlanta, declined

to 251 The last quotation was 254* Exchange 271,

-
