- contradictory signs are visible in America. One peaceful and 1,,mv the other lurid and threatening. On the one hand, we are told Jeneral Grant is "mustering out" 400,000 mennearly half a f armed men, at one stroke; secondly, that President

, who once or twice made such spread-eagle speeches about our.bearer of Jove-i.e., the American Eagle-and the

Lion, is bent on a pacific course, and that he really

degres to cultivate the British alliance. But, on the

band, it is very plain that the Emperor of Mexico

j oewhat disturbed and that the old Mexican Republic is

tures to the orth American Union; and, at a meeting in

w oriç gentlemen were both publicly and privately assured that

who promised to support the Monroe doctrine could do so with. compromising, or, to use the precise words, "without involving or the Government in trouble." Does this point to

jjhesering? And what are we to understand of the Pre

amts pzociamation which directly implicates Canada? The vertisement which begs all discharged soldiers and officers to

regkter their names with Colonel Washington and to "emigrate" to Ltxioo seems ominous. Shall we have mote Rifle Rangers, arid

o,,tain Mayue Reid, promoted to a General, as their leader? Mr.

json Davis has friends even in the New York press, who den that he has taken any treasure with him in the eleven waggonz wino

r rather followed, this deposed President. If he be caught,

with Messrs. Breckenridge and Secretary Benjamin, there will be a

sj trial, and no doubt manly deaths on the scaffold; for President

olanron, urged "tore gard Davis as the common enemy of the human

race," will punish all traitors with the "utmoat seve" Treason,

says President Johnson, "is the greatest of all crimes," arid the people 1 General Waibridge approved of it. Shade of George Washington,

this utterance! ifow the old world-wisdom is vindicated 1

How true is Sir John Harrington's epigramTreason doth never prosper; what's the reason? For If It prosper none dare call it treason.

NO) 'aesaon is not quite the greatest of crimes but want of auccessis
AlLElW-JA.

The pacification of the country seems to be rapidly progressing. General Dick Taylor has surrendered his forces to General Canby. The interview between the two Generals for arranging the, terms, which were similar to those granted to Lee and Johnsto; took place at Ma T5 'Plantation, fourteen miles north of Mobile, on the 4th inst. ome onarters however, there is evidence of a disposition not to give in. Vu mith has published an appeal to his soldiers, dated Slirieveport, April 21, denouncing Lee's surrender and exhorting them to stand by their colours. He says that his resources are ample to protract the struggle until foreign aid arrives, or until such time as they can secure terms worthy of a proud people. The people of Houston, Texas, pawed. resolutions on the 22nd ult. to continue the sthile. The trans-Mssissippi department was declared to be suf. ficieny vast and full of resources to repel invasion, ensure independence, and sustain Davis. "Some thought otherwise," adds the telegram, laconically.

Jefferson Davis had not been captured. When last heard of he was at Powell Town Hancock County, a little north-east of Milledgevile, Georgia. A close watch is being kept on the coast to prevent his escape.

Several orders have been issued having in view the reorganisation of the South. These show, in the first place, that there will be no undue severity eniaed on the people; next, that slavery is everywhere absolutely extinguished and the freed men put under the guardianship of the Federal forces, 'which for the present will occupy the cow1tr'; and, finally, that trade is to be fully reopened.

President Johison has issued a proclamation calling for renewed

efforts to capture rebel cruisers. Be goes onto say that be will refuse

hospitality to the ships of neutral nations who may henceforward give hospitality in their ports to rebel cruisers.

In an address to the coloured population, President Johnson said that he trusted the time would come when all the coloured people would be assembled in one country, best adapted to their condition, if it should appear that they could not get along with the whites. Re declared that man could not hold property in man.

The trial of the Booth conspirators, which began on the 9th inst., is proceeding, with closed doors. The prisoners pleaded not guilty.

According to the New York Ticnes, Johnson's proclamation oering rewards for the arrest of Mr. Davis and others was issued upon the opinion of the Judge Advocate-General that evidence proved Mr. Davis to be connected with the inception arid execution of the BDotiI plot, though it is not supposed that direct personal action can be traced to him.

A Mexican emigration company has been formed in New York, with agencies throughout the United States, and has advertised for naval and military emigrants. A large number has nhuadbeen enlisted, It was. however, confidently anticipated that the bederul Goveniment 'would enforce the neutrality laws as regarded the Mexican enlistments.

'There is an increasing exodus from Canada to the United States.

The inhabitants of Lower Canada are emigrating in large numbers
ˆt Cf ye8t week c,tn'aint Tvt e froia&r1

Rtfl that. hi the te of the civil fri r hfc niav be ff,!- mg to it rtirzwec'c the C ievwt hr'4 to relax the tttziry e thoee r 1i]atir' rieeti'i the tip t(

gtrttt hich 'hed thei frwzi bC*rrti Ir rut?* port  .

iLi.ii re eery Pr hrtx1ate use. *n hdL riru
An American journal states that in the United SLate5 t6 are fifty-three religious sects. Amongst them are ten Baptists,

diftent k1116

nine of Methodists, thirteen of Presbyterians, d tWO O

The Baptists number 1,724,373 members or communicants, and the Met

1,651,732. The number prufeesing the Roman Catholic reoflr e Baptists are divided into the following curioS aect

mission, seventhday, sixprinciple, freewill, river

brethr, wine dnnkers, menontee, and campbeflites. The QU d3VJd'd into ffil4

and hicksite,
ECHOES OP THE WE

ILL. SxMol TAPPEnTIT, to whom Mr. Dickens did me the introducing me (with a few other iavoured persons) son had a secret society, bound by a dreadful oath, the aim of  a€ whih

to overthrow the tyrant masters, rescue the gallant apprentj the beadles, massacre the watchmen, seize the 'pter sat City Chamberlain (the great enemy of an City gto due trial, behead the Lord Mayor. It is true that

author did not permit Mr. Tappertit to reveal all this . indeed, Sirn, who used to "eye over" all suspected persona would ha torn, like Ravafflac, with horses, or grilled on a bed of beet red-bet like Damien, rather than say one word; but vie inf Aed dreadful note of preparation lay in his frown, that such , 84d

intention. Poor, brave, misguided Tappert how ninth his resembles that of our Penian heroes who, as the Jefferson the New York Herald writes with scornful sarcasm, 0 ardent!, d to crush the Kannucks and the dirty Britishers, and wre from the giant grasp of a bloated aristocracy." i have many given a pet bit of quotation from that pretty little green 'Spirit of the Nation' That book will become historic, it j the text-book of the invading Fenians. Tom Davis, who now "riding the whirlwind," Mr. Gavan Diy, D. p Sljabb (Juillin, and others, will be the Tyrtiei of the Fenis "Muster of the North," of which the Ne Fork Reral4 qu line, will be sung by millions of voicesGlory to God, my eyes have seen the ransomed fleld of Downy My ears have drunk the joyful news, "stoat Pheljm iia And gladsoma bell, and bugle horn, from lewry'a captured to Hark! how they tell the Saxon swine, this land is ours, is Seriously speaking, that was a document not wholly to be at which the Times gave on Tuesday from the

A child's squib may set a house on fire, and it is unpleasantt ben,

fowling-piece, loaded only with gunpowder, peeping in your ear.

In ezico the first faint drops of the thunderstorm seem to ism

fallen. The officers of Maximilian refuse his Majesty's comxnja*

and Juarez has no lack of merry men who are going out as

With grim satire we are told that these American emigrants jjj furnished with arms to protect themselves against mb]i  lee

Parrott guns, a Dahigren or so, and the most approved of nic

cartridges will be added; and a piece of bunting, commonly lrØ5M

the "gridiron," alias the stars and stripes, will be used to frgg away birds from the upspringing crops of these peace 'Tin a mad world, my masters! The dragon's teeth h and the crop is not dead yet.

Those irrepressible Bonapartes are at it again. Fresh from the

tomb of Mdme. Mere, the mater regum, Prince Napoleon-that Jun Bratus of the occasion, that lover of everything Roman except OA which is austere-has made a speech eulogising the first Emper kr his ardent attachment to Republicanism! Napoleon Bonaparte, in. deed, loved Republicanism as much as a nurse loves the baby w she overlays and smothers out of existence. But we are always i covering fresh virtues in the martyred saint of St. Helena. He losed American Republicanism and, by a kind of prophetic preiinon, be hated the aristocrats of the South. It is indeed easy to hate theae who are down. They debate now with closed doors, and 'zee as unreported tribunal, the fate of some of those aristocrats-such Robert Lee and Jefferson Davis-at Washington, The best Frth papers are earnestly in favour of the conquered South, and tsesa lest anyone should first raise the cry of "1ls Yi'ctü!" One mg praise democracy another way; the appeal to the many is sure to be answered. A great an would try and iead the many, even thtb he failed. But if the Prince's speech was in bad taste, the Maaw acted in worse taste in excluding it; and now, all society in talks-for its usual three hours-about the coolness of the in the auger of the Court, and the rashness of that headstrong yuith, Plon-Plon. Verily the French kaleidoscope is very prettily turned!
THE CAPTURE OF JEFFERSON DAVIS.

&aof the instincts which a high state of civilisation .has

&e,eloped men is that which prompts them to draw a wide

disnctiofl between political and criminal offences. Some of

most highly reputed moralists have maintained the right of

turrection, condemning the exercise of it only when it is

resorted to without due consideration of the means it can

command for ensuring success. That which we call "treason"

when it loses its came, we glorify as" patriotism" when it wins;

and, in common estimation, the interval between the two diminishes in proportion as the efforts which are made at change, by armed force, either the form or the course of no

existing Government approach the attainment of their object. We do not think it necessary to teat the foundation upon which this sentiment rests. It suffices that it not only exists but prevails in every civilised community the main guarantees of whose liberty have been wrested from de facto rulers by military means. Our own political
Ooustitution and the independence of the United States ewe their origin to movements which unquestionably might have failed, and 'which, if they had, would have figured in history

as unjustifiable revolts. Success has conseorated them; but

Common-sense teaches us that. the good fortune 'which turned the scale in their favour could not affect the morality of the agents who initiated them, and. thNç had. the results been other than they were, the men who risked. their all in attempting to achieve them would h&e been in ali essential respects uuchanged in cx altongb, thtead of extorting the homage of mankind, their names night possibly haxe been blackened with intamy

Neither here nor, we should think, in Ameriea can the capture of Mn Da'viz, the political chief of the late Omfederabe regarded M matter for congratulation by those who look far ahe&d. The desire that he might not be so entangled in the ruins of the political edifice which the North had overturned as to prevent his escape from personal danger was all b'atwniversaL Men who seriously disapproved of the coarse which be had pursued. felt it as strongly as men who admired and applauded it-the latter on account of sympathy with the man, 'with the object at wh chhe bad aimed, and with the energy and couxagehe had dlsplayedintheproeecutiouofittheformer, because the issue of the contest could not be made more complete by the punishment of any who took an msaieofnl part in it; because a struggle which has enlisted the enthusiastic and aelfsacriilclng support of millious for the space of four years cannot be relegated to the position of a municipal crime; aM beam any exhibition of vindictive feeling by the North am haie no other effect than that of making reconciliation with the South more difficult, and hopeless. On all accounts, and with regard to all the parties concerned, it appeared highly desirable that the leading men of the late Confederacy should succeed in getting clear of the pursuit of their antagonists.

 The event has fallen out quite otherwise. Mr. Jefferson Davis has been taken, as have also three or four of his most intimate associates. Their camp atllwins'vflle, seventy-five miles sautheast of Yawn, was surprised, and the fugitive-in-chief, it is reported, attempting to make good his escape disguised as a woman, was apprehended by troopers. We have observed with pain, not unmingled with disgust, a misplaced effort in some quarters to make merry over the latter circumstance. Assuming the truth of the statement made to Major.eneral Wilson by his men, we see no ground in it for this attempt to disparage Mr. Davis's personal courage. Let the same critãofsi which Jim found Immement in such an ic4eat exhibit a like levity over the devices resorted to for concealment iy Charles IL, or by the young Pretender of 1746, and the good taste of society will very speedily frown it out of countenance. The man whowas the soul of an enterprise which required the utmost pertinacity as well as the largest sacriflees on the part of twenty millions of people to put down, might have been reasonably thought beyond the reach of that petty malice which can detect ignominy in a not uncommon rum to evade pressing danger. The only thing about. it to he deplored is that it was unsuccessful.

The people of the United States would very gladly, we think, have been spared the further trial of their magnanimity to which this capture 'will expose them. The surrender of General

Lee had all but quenched their fiery passions when the assas-sination of president Lincoln occurred to rekindle vindictive instincts. The excitement occasioned by that event was subsiding when Mr. Davis was apprehended. What will be done with him? If it can be proved that he was accessory to murder there will be an end to embarrassment. for in that case the sympathy of all men will be instantly withdrawn frorahim, But who anticipates this? None, we venture to surmise, but those who have cherished towards him feelings of personal antipathy. No; the charge which he will, doubtless, be put upon his trial to answer is that of treason-that of having levied war against the Government of the United States: the legal penalty of

would largely abate from the sympathy which late events have elicited from foreign nation, and cast a shade upon the glory which evermore awaits those who pluck victory from midst great difficulties and dangers. We do not discuss the Constitutional doubts involved in the case; but, on the assumption that Mr. Davis has been guilty of treason against the sovereignty of the United States, we contend that the circumstances which in this instance surround the offence powerfully recommend the exercise of clemency.

We believe it will rest with Congress to declare, in the almost certain event of Mr. Davis's conviction, the nature of his punishment. If so, we are not without hope that, through it highest organ of expression, the nation will pronounce a lenient sentence. It is not to be expected that the prisoner will receive immediate and plenary pardon. But we entertain the hope that his life may be spared, and. that exile for the remainder of his days from the American continent will be considered as heavy a doom as expediency and public policy render imperative. Much embarrassment might be avoided by the adoption of some such course: general respect, both athome and abroad, would, we think, be pined by it. All that is thought to be due to the majesty of the law, and to justice, would be secured; while the least possible violence would be done to the sentiments of humanity, 'which we strong in the bosom of civilised communities. Our kinsmen across the water will, we earnestly trust, remember and illustrate the language of the bard whom they as well as we revere

And earthly power 50th then show ilkest God's

When mercy see= justice. '
the Government of the United States: the legal penalty of it is for Congress to declare. Every step, it may be presumed, will be taken with due solemnity. The prisoner will have a lair taisi; his offence will be proved; the verdict will go sgsinst him; he will perhaps be sentenced to the death of a felon! .And what then? Most thoughtful people on both Continents are asking this question with no little anxiety-what then? Let us look at it for a moment.

If the sentence should. be fully carried into effect, it is digcult, at least for European onlookers, to discover what benefit will scene therefrom to the American Union. True, the Government at Washington might cite, in defence of an extreme course, not a few Old. World precedents, some of which might be selected from English annals but their ability to do this would not dispose of the fact that public opinion as to the mode of dealing with political offences has undergone conalderRbIe change since the commencement of the present century, and nowhere more decidedly than in the United States. Judging from the temper displayed by the people of the North d ingthe brief interval between theaurrendcr of General Lee and the assassination of President Lincoln, nothing would have been more in accordance with their wishes than the proclamation of a general amnesty; and it may be safely inferred, from the spontaneity and universality of that outburst of kindly sentiment, that severity in wielding the sword of justice i nut required to satisfy popular feeling. It can hardly be pleaded that it is necessary to the safety of the Government, the military collapse of the Confederacy having proved so complete as to render fuither deterrent measures quite superfluous. Public policy does not demand it, inasmuch as the speedy conciliation of the South is the one point at which true statesmanship should now aim, and the ignominious execution of Mr. Davis would r-cre only to all a last drop of bitterness to the cup of iimiliaLion banded t, her, and to encircle the name of her 14rnc-t nnn with an aureola of martyrdom, Finally, it
AMERICA.

We were able to give in a considerable portion of ou ias

the highly-important intelligence brought by the Scotia, wiiej yesterday week, of the capture of Jefferson Davj wjti Staff. They were surprised and captured by W0 ulace called Irwinsville, seventy miles south-east of !flne place is on the direct line to Florida, and not far frontier. It stands on a tributary of the Suwaxiee River, of Chattahoochie is another tributary, and which einp 1vtki *4 a itself jaW *4

Gulf. In all probability Mr. Davis expected to be able to this river to the sea, an thus clear away. General et deft as a lastresort, Mr. Davis disguised himself in one of his wij and sought refuge in the woods, When brought to bay, be his cantors with a bowie-knife, but surrendereoj Q a revolver. By the Elbernian, which brings intelligence from 1(ew y 20th ult., we learn that Jefferson Davis, with his wif

daughters, and eighteen other prison e) ON A ad ers, has been

Monroe, where they were strictly guarded. Breckenrjgs is to have escaped over the Mississippi.

The New York Tines says that the deliverance

gallows will only help to consign the rebellion to mussy,

Heakf regards him as an accessory to Mr. Lincoln's munier there is no human possibility that he can escape the fun P" qf the law. The Tribune trusts that Davis will be under the protection of the dignity and honour of a people.

Magruder had made a speech at Houston, T

expressed his determination to continue the war. Sijj

York on the 19th nit, for Texas, in order to suppress the re*

 that State.

Regular warfare having ceased to the east of the

the capitulation of the Confederate armies, the Sec notified that after June 1 all persons found in arms in will be punished with death  those aj

A reward of 25,000 dole, is offered for the arrest of of Virginia. A troop of cavalry was in pursuit Magrath in South Carolina. The New York papers say that the amnesty pro iain include all the Confederate soldiers below the grads of general. The negroes have petitioned for the suffrage. The Government have admitted reporters to the all the evidence which was heard while the Court mat ith Aft

has been published. According to a correspondent of the x9pr*4 on evidence implicating Davis in the assassination plot has red , unfounded. His capture will, however, soon set the que Witnesses testified to having seen Booth in Canada ccnvjag George Saunders. Booth was also present at secret couf& the rebel officers at Stanton, Virginia. All the prisonse is were heavilironed. The specification charges them with with John burratt, Wilkes Booth, Jefferson i)avis, George Beverly Tucker, Jacob Thompson, Wm. Clear-, C. 43. Geo. Young, and others unknown, to murder Presidset LàO Johnson, Seward, and. Grant, in aid of the rebellion. I*a charged with aiding Booth to commit murder and assisting hiss Payne with attempting the assassination of Mr. Seward, and M with lying in wait to murder President Johnson and GeaeralG Mudd, Arnold, and Mrs. Surratt are charged as accessory to Mthe adma

r. Reverdy Johnson has been admitted as counsel for Mrs. Sse

Onew' tness testified that Surrattviited Richmond last Mar*aea

panied by a lady, and on his return to Washington had sheer *4.

in gold. Re stated that he had seen Jefferson Davis and 3se and that Richmond would not be evacuated. On his mars Richmond Surratt left for Montreal, and returned to Wadilsgas day before Lincoln's assassination. The Assistant Secretary ? Mr. Dana, has, it is stated, identified the key to the cipher fndu the office of the Confederate Secretary Benjamin with the

a= IaW

in Booth's trunk. Major Eckert has identified the trwelsrA a despatch sent from Canada to Richmond in cipher. President Johnson had exchanged courtesies with the mm Ambassador, and it is clear from the remarks made by be* . sonages that the relations between the two Governments M

d !k most friendly character.

On the 13th nit, the ram Stonewall was at Bavaema,  g

guns and ammunition there. The Captain-General of Eavaaaskk&

refused the request of the United States Consul thstsiasla

surrendered as a pirate.
The ascent of the great volcano of Popocatepeti, the highest

point of land on the North American continent, has recently been wade by

two Americans-cue a Californian, the other from Pennsylvania.
Lct iaimaton, replying to a uiquiry of Mr.  repeated 11s

statement of a former night, to the effect that communications had been

going on for a considerable time between the United States and British

Governments with regard to the captures made by the Alabama and other Confederate Teseels of war. The tenour of these communications was of the same kind as the tenour of those which lied already been laid on the table. The latest of these had been received since the accession of Mr. Johnson to the presidency; but whether the instructions on which It was made were issued by President Lincoln or President Johnson he could not say.
America arid England are soon to be again linked together, the Atlantic telegraph cable of 2600 miles being this week completed. If successful, let us hope that, as English money has made the cable an English ship has taken it out; as it has been made upon English ground, designed by an English firm , and has owed, its construction to English inventors, our Transatlantic friends will let us have a little more credit in the matter than they did some years ago, when the junction was made complete for one moment and then failed. How many ardent English souls felt bitter disappointment then! Mr. Thackeray was one who lost a thousand pounds in that adventure for the partial success and incipient boldness of which Mr. Cyrus W. Field and the Americans took all the credit, and gave the blame of non-success to the elements. It may seem to some of little moment i, while we know whose the true merit i, we allow others to take away the praise; but in reality this weakness does re-act upon us. The unthinking flock to the most prominent and powerful or prominently powerful, and eventually a mass of such people become of weight. If his own country reallY knew America as well as the Eon, D'Arcy MGhee, England would be saved some sad, sad trouble in Ireland. It is because impulsive Paddy believes that the Yankee pays better, talks louder, does greater things, stoops lower, jumps higher, dives deeper and comes out drier than any one else in the world that he is attracted by thousands to his shores.
(it general Jchoea silence must be taken as the anti

Irish echo, which repeated more than it heard. There is a "monster"

meeting of teetotallers on Hampstead Head on Whit Monday for the purpose of promoting the Prohibitory Bill: Lord Fermoy and the borough and county members have been invited to attend. Pleasant irony, is it not? The representatives of the press will be "accommodated." In France M. Montalembert has declared that the victory of the North is one of 'virtue over 'vice, liberty over slavery; and the meclalliste of Pens-who. by-the-way, cut some of the finest medals ever seen to commemorate the Russian defeat of Napoleon-will issue a gold medal to the memory of Abraham Lincoln. En-President Davis languishes in the casemates of Fortress Monroe; a letter in cipher has been brought as witness against him; and Governor Brown, of Georgia, Governor Smith, of Virginia; and Governor Magrath, of South Carolina, will be produced (the latter when caught) as witnesses against him. Even the journals which defend him are, according to the Daily .Zeus, "taking a course calculated to diminish whatever chances there may be of saving him from the scaffold." Mr. Davis may meditate upon the treatment of Richard U., for, like him, he is in that position that "none are so poor as to do him reverence." We wait to hear two things from America - the first is the effect of the Quwn'a letter and English condolence; the second a denial or a con firmation of the astounding statement that the counsel appointed for lolitical prisoners have, with one exception, that of Mr. Revetdy

ohnson, refused to defend the accused.

A Pacific Pearl Company has been formed at New York, the

cap;tal of which is 1,000,000dols. The company purpose fishing for pearls

and pearl shells on the Paifie eoat. Their operation, will be cars-led on by

means of a submarine c-'vplorer. Pearl oysters abound IutheCtJfof California.

and has beta dhetl by tc sniti-un .r'300, ears.
£amssR.i View of the city of Richmond, Virginia, the late capital

fheje States, showing the immense havoc made by the esnfiagraon of April 8, is being engraved for publication in this Journal. We give in the mean time a couple of fliusirations, bch show the ruins of two of the principal buildings occupied for the storing of military implements and munitions by the War

Department of the fallen Government and which were consigned to the flames by order of their own General, Beckeniidge when their army evacuated the city, early on the Monday morning of the above date. The Are, which thus began with the destruction of the Government offices, workshops, and strehouses, was raging unchecked a few hours later, when General Wcitae1 of the ider*1

army, entered the city with his detsthmeat of segro oo*; w ta

spite of all ] effc.ts to the city, wh with me of the wha wwe not, 1e the y sad aaenal, 'Matike "am 4;r= 00560%
AIM, RICA,

'The grand jury of the district of Columbia have found true bi indictment against Jefferson Davis and Breckenridge for tee* They are indicted separately, the overt act being the raid, in July within the district or Columbia) Breckenridge having been pre rerson and Davis constructively.

According to the .Philadelphia Inquirer, Davis is

ankles, the connecting chain being lift, long. He resisted

and it became necessary to throw him down and hold him until irons were clinched. The Herald denies this statement and says t Davis is confined in a caseniate comprising two rooms. A gua with him constantly, but he is not manacled, nor are his movess within the casemate restricted, -

The story of Mr. Davis's attempt to escape in his wife's

now discredited. Of the many accounts furnished no two ate &12 .

The latest version of the affair comes from Washington, and re

that Colonel Pritchard. has presented to the War Departni tb,.

historical garments themselves which are now said to consist of t

waterproof cloak, used by Mr. avis as a skirt, and a shawl, whic used as a hood. It seems probable that the petticoat hoax h be purposely circulated by certain officials in order to heap ridicule ep the Confederate leader. Caricatures representing Mr. Davis attire,j f hoop-skirt, shawl, and bonnet, are sold all over the country. AIW others representing him, in similar costume, brought to bay, bowie. knife hand. Few of the leading journals indorse the abssrdjt

Governor Letcher, of Virginia, James A. Seddon, and J Campbell have been arrested. Alexander Steahens and Postm lZegan have been sent to Fort Delaware, and Wheeler and his Stag Fort Warren. C. C. Clay has surrendered ; he denies all complicity Lincoln's assassination.

It is persistently reported that General Lee is to be ated

indicted for treason.

In the conspiracy trials at Washington the evidence for the

cation has been completed and the defence opened. The pcba

have set up an alibi. Two important witnesses have been exaxnii

and their testimony has been withheld. Witnesses in open court have testified that Jacob Thompson had heavy money transactions wi5z the Ontario Bank at Montreal. The cipher messages intercepte between Canada and Richmond make no allusion to the arsaacina of Mr. Lincoln. The cipher found by Secretary Davis was in Same. tary Benjamin's office. A letter addressed to Davis, signed Aht, has been produced in court. The writer offers to rid the South o some of her deadliest enemies. The letter is indoread :-" Refer, by direction of the President, to the Secretary of War to Harr Nov., 1864, for attention, by order, J. A. Campbell, A.S.W."

From Texas there is news of a skirmish of little importance. Geneial Hood and his staff are said to have got across the Missbaip. One report has it that Xirby Smith wished to surrender, but that some of the generals under his command refused to go with him. The latest accounts from New York, to the evening of the 27th sh, state that commissioners from Kirby Smith, accompanied by GearaI Heron and Commander Foster, al-rived at Baton Rouge on the 2&d nit.. and it is asserted that terms have been arranged for the sure of Smith's whole army.

President Johnson had issued a proclamation opening all the pcaf',

except those of Texas, to foreign trade, and removing all ad restrictions east of the Mississippi.

The Tribune says that the Attorney-General has decided that tha

amnesty proclamation was a means to secure the suppression of do rebellion. 'I he rebellion ended, the amnesty is void. It does t restore citizenship or property. The confiscation decrees are in fd force, and the exercise of executive clemency cannot extend to t future.

President Johnson is reported to have said that he will leave question of granting the suffrage to the negroes to the decision of t& loyal people of the interested States. - -
Five tons of archives of the Confederate Government had bw captured in North Carolina.

The .Nw Herald has proposed a scheme to liqizidite t national debt by the voluntary subscription of $00,00) perses 10,000 dola. each. Upwards of a million dollars have be- sncth in two days in furtherance of this proposition.

Grant and Sherman's armies, numbering 150,000 men, marched, at

the 23rd and 24th nit., from the Capitol at Washington thnmgli

Pennsylvania-avenue, past the White ous where Grant rew

the troops in presence of Mr. Jobnson and the Cabinet. AR

enthusiastic crowd thronged the line of procession, loudly cheered.

In the number of the Augusta Sentinel of May 2 was the J printed relic of slavery likely to be seen in that part of the South. l was the advertisement of "T. Savage Hayward, auctioneer" who posed to e11 at the "Lower mar et, on May 2, the co cured Peter, a finished waiter, and the negro woman Laura, a hand." General Upton reached the city next day and T. S&* Hayward was glad to escape.

The Federal Government has given the best proof of its det&

tion to maintain a strictly neutral line of policy towards iexiCbf

seizing a barque containing Mexican emigrants which had ssihel an A merican port.

The Confederate nun Stonewall has been surrendered tionaily to the Cuban authorities, by whom it will probe* b handed over to the representative of the United States.

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

Dr. Blackburn has been committed for trial at the Toronto on the charge of violating the neutrality laws.  cow

After a protracted dispute, the Canadian Government has a satisfactory agreement with the Grand Trunk Railway Go

Some of the leading commercial men of Montreal are to forthcoming convention at Detroit to consult together about the b*I5 upon winch the Reciprocity Treaty may be renewed. The B$ Chamber of Commerce is alto to be reprentedah50
- The following specimen of mixed metaphor is aceoidi

the eater, taken from an American journal:-" The apple Of doOrd to ow

fairly in our midst, and, if not nipped in the bud, i will bUi

conflagration which will deluge the sea of politics with an heresies.'
Tuesdays Gazette coadains an official letter from Earl Rae],

formally withdrawing ligerent rights from the ships of "the ao called Cuftdcrte tatee." Any such vt'sehs that may now be in ritiih ports are ferhwith to dipurt, and, for the last time. United States raels that may be

watching them, will be p ibited from doing so before the 1apse of twenty-four hours. If the commanders of Ccxfv1erate veeis wish to divest them of their warlike character they may do so, but at their own rich.

President Johnson commences his presidential career with

an intimation that he declines to receive any present. Ta some wealthy

citizrae who east him a pleedid carriage and a pan f horses." he writes:"While 1 folly appreciate the ority of your motives in thus tendering to me such ubetantii evidence of your regent and esteem. I am mmpelkd, solely from the convictions of duty I have ever held in re'fcrtr.ce to the acceptance of proseuts by those occupying high aihetal poeiticr., to dcciie the offeringa of kind and loyal friends. The retention of the parchment oouv.ying your sentiments, and the a tographa of those who were pleased to unite in this manilsitation of reçsrd, is a faossr I would wk; and I satire you, gentlemen, I shall regard it M am of the highest marks of respect from any portion of my fellow-citizens. Trading that I shall continue to merit your confidence and esteem in the discharge of the high and Important dudes upon which I have but just entered, and with the best wishes for your health, &c, hsdkidutlly, I am, geallemen, yours truly, .&cDRLW .lt,liso.olt."

The friends of General Grant in Philadelphia have prevented

him with a oew house. campiete'ly I urnisbed. The arrival of the General. with his family. lest week. was (esyc the I:'ztos Ceagre fthalthsF) character14:c ot the man. He suede stela! request, of the c,ommittee of

that  prewatertion

there sLul,l be no rorptias or public annoinorelsefst of late oumang, and ao ears (a! wrre the gestletnen at the committee of the General's wtshte that,

otide if their own r',nber, not twenty ssaets in the city kn'wof his csmix.g till he lahed 5 Wea'st ,'taet Wharf. The (ieeaera st4ear for this peace uuitnt nl5ed of his wile and threes ehikireas. anal maid, end LiiutUtt'tolt. l'arar, an i:tien, a,jej has a-eceupsaued U-encts4 (leant risce tie' tspiesz.isig of ti Mfsossspt C*mp5H555. liefore a crowd esuld gather, the pasty e welcomed With lti the deere at !(Oe. C tnaat-sezeet, by the e rmitteof 1eietsters and aU'w !aliee (rem their fsafltea. George IL Sweet. cbmtne:ais of the' ccaaoslttr5. In a brief grrettu, that tessebast a hearts l, its aiJs;sien to the aertge bright raresT. mud the nattona pa; and hive. i sati,trd the de ed acid the If-o c the laucee. The tJ'nersals rs.es was briefer still. as it he broke down with e'tnoteen in the attempt to express pratitude fur -j st rt-vus a r(v,4Ct11t1= Of LUMU e MTVke fV CrIlItty. A!I-T

tj'.

'tr(diictien to the holige in fa,

he , its ap tmelots, the faaailg *"ns upstsiratoacollatlofl spread by ladies. The onse- tsonecf a bleck of with Iroan sUze-e drese. en Ctswitut-ires't, abere t'th, It is re-s sat Lent, prl.llkS lt'a oc snt. lthi*tt pvteusn. am es eritly spp fir sect ice. it Cast, with the tursi.ture, est far fru
If the stories about the treatment of Mr. Davis at Fortress Monroe

be true, so much the worse for American humanity. If they be un

true, the authors of them should be at once punished. The bitterest opponents of that successful republic, which has now an Ireland-nay, a Poland-of its own, and which holds an enemy who has been far less bitter, less expensive, more courteous, and less abusive and -virulent, than Napoleon was to us,-her bitterest opponents can wish nothing better than she should iron her enemy, throw him down on his back, and rivet his manacles, while he is begging to be shot rather than thus insulted. To be heated worse than we should treat a furious burglar-to be debarred from book and candle, pen or paper, and to be shut up ironed and alone-is surely beyond the bitterness of death. Really the old country, that stooid old graudmotber England," comes out brightly in her treatment of Isapoleon fifty yesrailgo. e was too shifty and too expensive an enemy to be let loose; but he had an island given to bun, he was still Lixperor, still waited on by his devoted friends. We did not call in the smith and the manacles. Do,

ray, Mr. Johnson, permit the New York press to deny these charges. Slay the victim, if .t is to be so; but do not torture him before he be

slain. -

Macmillan commits the mistake of giving three articles on President Lincoln, at least two too many. Mr. Dicey and Professor Goldwm smith must each have their say, and the trio is eomnleted by a v& poor copy of verses.
AMERICA.

The surrender of General Kirby Smith, which we were able t, announce in a large portion of last week's Number, took place on the lith nit. It is unofficially reported that the same terms have been granted to him as were accorded to Lee and Johnston. This surrender includes the whole of the Confederacy across the Miss1ssinp, so that the Federal Government has not an enemy left in the field. On the receipt of this intelligence President Johnson ordered the immediate release of all the prisoners who have besit sentenced by military tribunals to imprisonment during the war. The Goveenmezit, notwithstanding the surrender of Smith, has dispatched an oztenthe military and naval expedition, fitted out at Fortress Monroe, to Texes.

The President has ssned a proclamation of amnesty and restoration

to the rights of property, except in slaves and cases wherein pro.

ecedinge under the Constitution laws have been instituted, to al

persons who have directly or indirectly participated in the rebellion,

and who will subscribe to the oath to support the Constitution, tin.

Union, and all emancipation laws and proclamations, excent those

included in fourteen clauses of exceptions c-All civil, diploniatic, judicial and State officers, soldiers above the rank of colonels, sailors above tLe rank of lieutenants, prisoners of war, political prisoners. raiders from foreign territories, those implicated in the ill-treatment of Federal prisoners, members of the Federal Congress of 1861 who have sided rebellion, any persons from the loyal States, or those in the seceded States owning property to the value of 20,000 dols, who have voluntarily aided the rebellion, and those who, having once taken Mr. Iãncoln's amnesty oath of 1863, have disregarded ° its obligations. The proclamation co.icludes with notice that to those of the excepted dames who shall make special application to the President for pardon such clemency will be extended as may be consistent with the facts of the ease and the dignity and peace of the United States.

 This proclamation bears the counter-signature of W. H. Seward,

being the first official document which the Secretary of State has

signed since the murderous attack made upon him on April Ii.

Secretary Seward, in accordance with the direction of the President

amnesty proclamation, has issued a circular in regard to the administration of the oath of allegiance. The oath may be subscribed before any commissioned officer-civil, military, or naval-in thu service of the national Government, or any civil or military officer of a loyal State or territory who by the laws thereof may be qualified for administering oaths.

President Johnson has also issued a proclamation appointing William W. Holden provisional Governor of orth Carolina, with power to call an election by the loyal people who shall have taken the new amnesty GaAs to appoint delegates to revise the State Constitution and restore the State to the Union under such a form of local government as will

bt1e its people to protection by the United States against invasion, manirection, and domestic violence. The military in the State are Uleeed to assist Governor Holden in carrying out the provisions of the

OcIamatiou, and the different departments of the 'ederal Governflt are directed to take possession of the public property, and to k!thwith put in force their respective laws applicable to the g00-graphical limits of the State.

General Giant had arrived in New York, and had been received

with great enthusiasm.

Messrs. Wendell Phillips and Ansasa J. Parker, in 5Pt0 the

Anti-Slav((ry Convention in Boston, denounced President Johnson s

plan for the restoration of North Carolina to the Union, and decided

construction without negro suffrage would be a practical surYtader to the Confederacy and a gross fraud upon the people of the North- Mr. Sumner has addressed a letter to the coloured men of kII1 Carolina telling them to insist ()i all the rights and privileges of citizens and declaring that whoever robe them of those rights is a *1iper and an impostor.

)fr. Jefferson Dvjs has been transferred from Fortrsss Monroe to tLe Capitol prison at Washington. The reports that he had been are somewhat conflicting; but they have not been offidaily,

'en serni-officially denied. Mr. Davis will, it is rumoured, be tried

bY4Le District Supreme Court, twier the presidency of Judge Cartee;

the trIal will not take place until September.

1kt trial 0 the alleged conspirators at Washiagten is MOgresallig.
The oeet'utjon lied prodocj Mr. Lewia F Bates, of Qiazotte, ? I Carolina, whote lionre Mr. Jefferson D*vi made his stopping-pleas thiiing his flight from Thebinund. Evidence wee given that, on the

f12th of ApH, Xr. Davis wmreseed , Awrablare of perwo, to rOr-t of Mr. Bates's house, reading to theta a teLegram Announcing the a ination of Mr. Lmeolu and the probable killing of Seward, which he is represented to lave 21y it h giving

utterance to Maeheth's murderora soliloquy-, f it, we ilees, wliess

'tie done, then 'twere wefl it were done quick)yJ' On the ne=. n

Mr. Bates's house, during a conversation between Dsvs and ridge on the atrnsiuation, which the latter r retterl the U(sa* merely became h regarded the occurrcnoe as un oetuaa*je far the South, Davis is stated to have remarked, Well, (ene*1, I doet. know." and repeatd his ShAsperean qnotutioe, An eanplo at Ford's Theatre testified to the prisoner Spangler, carpenter to the cslabhislnnent, ha ngaeeited the escape of Booth humedi&tciy after the attarsination. .. vnicoua witnesses have been examined, with the view of impairing the evidence for the paueecution. Iuianity has )xcn pleaded in defence of Payne and Atresoth.

The Military commission has sentenced Sesatar HarrLe of

to three years' ]in rieonnannt and the forfeiture of poLtkaI righta. Piesident Joinmon nas approved this finding. but remitted the aenteace and released Mr. Birch,. The President has also commuted ebesentesee en the Indianapolis conspiretora-Bowles, MuIlfgan end Horsey-to inipriseninent or life.

An abstract of General Shern'-us report to (eseal Grant

vciting in strong terms arahnt ue oosdac. of Balie& end A

towards him bas been nu&Iisbed. }la&ek has been erpeasded by

11:owps, and it was believed that Stanton woeld ba,etoretfr, from

the Cabinet. The Western tro7"= ral 8beemaa's *asy been

breken np their cainpe aroand and ee beiWas aanepee%ed weetwa tp be mustered out of service in their reepve atrnrn General S'hetman has arrived in (ew York. In his farewell ads to the army be recommends the men to Warn to psomful aneeits, erd not to reek new adventhrea abroad, wkkis wpsM enly lead to death a1d disappointment.

Tie ehcn:e Ioz the liquidation of the nutloetal  by 'rolaeratex7

tubseriuticus is leing followed up.

'lie.cnate of Tennessee had passed a bill dselezing that a12 wAom

in that State must be white male dtlzen tw dy'one y'.ers oW, and ec1odin from the suffrage all peseesas mere then testyom jeera old ' i.o ti ad "sided the zbelliozi," repeat that the peoç. *redeposed *oeeeept

Come Southe3J the new order ft

establish order and

The 1st of June, ______

inournin1 for the death of President Lincoln, wee oLa .'I theonghout the l.oith by seepensloas of bndneee and by rel$gens .esv1oes.

Secretazy Se-ward barn resc'Ln&d the order rer,palrbag per eeing

the United States to be pruvldd with paatplxta.

'.lhe American Teleps  W iwWwwad *04 V" the

termination of the war, t oabnen*t(ew Tadt and New Orleans end all the intedtsta e&ee bid been aese&

Several persona have been aneated at San Zrandeoo for insconaparacyto seize a steamer end j ItO sea 05 a privateer.

The Ordnance DtMagasianat Melhle aaidi( on an tth alt.

btb&uek of b14lAai and ON bias al cotton e

and 300 peaaoaa killed.
\iiiYY Li::LLIllJiIENT RIGHTS.

The Earl i LEnNY railed attention to two documents-One addressed by Earl Russell to heads of departments, withdrawing belligerent rights from the Confederates of the Southern States of America, and the other a proclamation bytbe President of the United States declaring the ports of the lJnion,wth certain exceptions, to be open to, commerce, and denouncing the penalties of piracy against persons trading with the excepted ports.

Earl RUSSELL said when his letter was written the war in America was practically ended, and only two Confederate vessels remained afloat, one of which was about to surrender to the authorities at Havanntsh. Having dr5t ascertained from Mr. Adams that the United States had determined upon abandoning their belligerent rights. he at once brought the question before the Cabinet. The war had now entirely ceased, end the maritime Powers of Europe had expressed concurrence in the decision of the British Government. With regard to the proclamation of President fohuson, it was certainly a curious document, and that portion of it which denounced as piracy the attempt to trade with ports not blockaded was somewhat starthifle. Sir Frederick Bruce had immediately sought an explanation. but could get macna, and his opinion was that the threat was merely meant to be suspended in (er,DreflS.

Time Earl of DF.IIBY suggested that the Government would do well to make

some protest against such. an illegal threat. -

Mr. Lsyard, in reply to a question, said the United States Government Itaf

declined to make any compensation to the widow of Mr. eiflcers of a Britieh merchant ship-who was shot by one of Gray at the a Federal cenisor near the Cape of Good Hope some time ago the lieaten
• This column of Yune B having, it would seem, unduly re±lecteçvbn

Mr. Cyrus W. Field, I subjoin a letter from Professor Thomson,who

was associated with Mr. Field in the first great, and tempilrarily

successful, enterprise; and also add a paragraph from Mr.Varley,

the celebrated electrician. It would seem that "Mr. Fieid and his associates in America, having obtained the sole privilege, for fifty years, of placing a telegraph cable on the:shores of Newfoundland, actually laid the line connecting that island with the United States. They next induced the United States Goverpment to take soundings across the Atlantic, after which Mr. Pielcame to England; and, joining himself to Mr. J. W. Brett, Mr. C. Vi, Bnght, and Mr. Whitehouse, promoted the formation of the Atlantic Telegraph Company. The oajital of £S0,Q00 was recsed in twenty weeks, Mr. Field himself taking shares to the amount of £88,000 Be lies crossed the Atlantic, at his own expense, thirty-three times on this business. In 1858 he refused a present of £1000 offered him by the directors as a reward for his services. So much for Mr. Cyrus Field's part in the undertaking. With regard to the naval officem and engineers, it is not denied that those belonging to this country received in America the same medals and other honorary rewards as were bestowed upon their American colleagues." I give Professor Thoinson's letter entire :

I remarked with surprise a Btiitement in your Number of June 5 to the effect that Mr. Cyrus Field and the Americans had" token all the credit" of the temporary success of the first Atlantic cable. Having been cognisant of the main facts of the case from the commencement, I can confidently express the opinion that injustice has been done to both the Americans and Mr. Field in that remark. In answering congratulatory addresses which, immediately after his landing with the end of the cable were very naturally given to him both by his countrymen and our own people *f our North American colonies, he inose fully and handsomely gave credit to English directors and executive officers of the company, and on no occasion claimed or admitted more than the most moderate statements of credit for his own very large share in the great work. I believe also that, to the utmost of their knowledge, the American press gave credit to all our countrymen who in any way promoted or assisted the undertakings The rapid and lamentable change from exultation in a supposed success to painful disappointment did, however, prevent, on both sides of the Atlantic, a dual and well-balanced judgment .of the claims of all concerned, which no doubt would have done effective justice

to all. • I am, &c., WILLLIAM T1xoT'lsoi.
