THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

LONDON, SATURDAY, MAY 17.

-T1 1r, City has fallen. We are almost without details, -but of the fact there would appear to be no reasonable doubt. The vaunted defences of New Orleans, which were described as capable of resisting ten times the power which the Federals had sent against them, have been passed, rather than forced, by some gun-boats, and the city was at the mercy of its assailants. The armed defenders made good their retreat, carrying with them -their treasure, but leaving, it is said, much valuable stores. Both in a moral and a military point of view the blow is a terrible one for the South, and may materially insure the chances of -General Beauregard. The Confederates are now menaced in so many quarters, and with force which, properly handled, should be overwhelming, that a brilliant victory, giving nothing more than victory, would be of small avail it. the great game. Their prospects darken' every day. York. town, however, holds out against General M'CleUan, and it may be that at Corinth the able leader of the South has inflicted another blow. It is pointed out that a dash may be made by. the Confederate vessels on the Mississippi, and that the gnu-boats that have taken New Orleans may be destroyed; but there has been so little evidence of dash on the part of any of the Southern commanders that we scarcely look for such news. Communication is being gradually but effectively cut off; and should Yorktown fall, or the army on the Rappaliannock operate successfully, the time would seem to have come when mediation may be accepted without loss of honour.. in the mean time a more pleasant incident than aught connected with war is the signature of a treaty between ourselves and the North (will the South hold itself bound thereby, and might not a casu.r ZcZZi arise thereout?) for the more efectual putting down the slave trade. The right of search is conceded to England, and the denial of this right has hitherto been the safeguard of the "mtrchaut fraught with

car gces of despair." - -- -
HOUSE OF COMMONS,-TnultsDn.

Toes SLAVE TRADE.-In answer to revoral questions from Mr. lbaxtoa, Mr. L.&v.aLsm said that a vessel under American colours had been at Liverpool which was ascertained to be a slaver. During the time the vessel was at Liverpool no suspicion was entertained about it. It was only after it had left that it was ascertained to be a slaver; bat, through information which was transmitted by the Government to the African coast, a full cargo was seized, about five hundred slaves. He regretted to say that a considerable slave trade had sprung up between the Portuguese settlemeete and the island of St. Thomas, and it was said that they were freetraders. Her Majesty's Government had strong reason to suppose that they were slaverm, and they had made strong representations to the Portugaoes Government, and he trusted the King would take measures for putting a stop to it. As to the slave trade in Cuba, he was sorry to say that Spain was carrying on thet detestable trade. Me hoped that the Spanish Government was not aware of it, and her Majesty's Government bad sent representations on the subject. All to the slave trade on the east coast of Africa, he had to say that Lord Cowisy had instructions to make representations lathe French Government. Inquiries had been instituted, but on account of the great distance no answer had been received up to the present time.
CAPTAIN WiLSON, OF TEX priLy ST. PIEBB

WE announced in a recent Number the capture and recapture of the British merchant-ship

linily St. Pierre, and we have much pleasure in

now giving a Portrait of the chief hero Captain Wilson, in this act of daring gallantry. The Uwily St. Pierre was, it will be remembered, captured o the Charleston coast, in March last5 by the Federal man-of-war James Adger; a prize crew of two officers and thirteen men were put on board the vessel, and the merchant crew with the exception of the captain (Wilson) and three men, who were left on board, were trans. shipped to the James Adger. The Emily St. Pierre was ordered to Philadelphia; but on the way Captain Wilson succeeded, by means already well known, in recapturing his vessel and taking her to Liverpool, with the prize crew on

sprisoners. This daring and skilful act gained Jibninuchapprobation, and, to mark their sense of his conduct, the merchants of Liverpool, to the number of 170 raised a subscription and on Saturday Captain W1]son was presented with a magnificent service of plate. The presentation took place at the offices of the Mercantile Marine Association. ?(r. Tames Beazley presided, and many of the principal merchants of Wnpool were present. Mr. Beazley, in making the presentation, stated that the conduct of Captain Wilson had not only met with the admiratioji of gentlemenpartial to the cause of the South but also of those who held with the policy of the Northern States of America. Her Majesty's Navy, too had marked its esteem of who= Wilson's behaviour, as among those who had subscribed was Captain Ingleeld, of her Majesty's ship Majestic, now anchored in the Mersey; while both the members of parliament for Liverpool bad also contributed towards the presentation. Ieaddition tothe service of plate was a gold chronometer watch and appendages and a splendid sextant, the latter article being presented by Captain Wilson's own crew, who have since arrived in Liverpool from America. Mr. Beazley stated that the owner of the Emily St. Pierre had presented Captain Wilson with the sum of £2000, and intended also to provide handsomely for the cook and steward of the vessel, without whom Captain Wilson could never have succeeded. The council of the Mercantile Marine Association have determined topresentaspecial gold medal to the captain and silver ones each to the cook and steward. After the presentation to Captain Wilson two purses, each containing 20 guineas, were handed to the cook and steward.

Captain Wilson is in his forty-seventh year.

He is the son of a Scottish farmer, and was born at Colvend, near Dumfries. In his fourteenth year he went to sea, being apprenticed to the North American trade. Previous to taldng the command of the Emily St. Pierre he had commanded the vessels Grampian, Cheviot, Huron, and Alice Wilson. The captain is, as might have been expected from so brave a man, very unassuming, and his manner and quiet way of recounting his story to his Liverpool audience on Saturday week have added much to the admiration winch his deeds have excited. As regards Captain Wilson's two coadjutors, hardly less brave than himself, the steward, an
EngIahvxan, i of small s(athxe and is about twe=g

ht years old;, the cook is a German, of size in his twenty-seventh year.
THE FRENCH IN MEXICO. "mother country" planted anew upon their soil-an aversion Th European intervention in the affairs of the Mexican which they were politely careful to distinguish from the much Republic has entered upon a new phase. Great Britain, and Spain milder sentiment of chagrin with which they viewed the presence have simultaneously retired from the enterprise of restoring order of the French and British troops-proved that Spain was not in that distracted country, leaving to the French Government fitted to be the instrument for inflicting a measured and mitigated the sole honour, responsibility, and expense of carrying out its chastisement which has for its aim not the ruin: and permanent own more comprehensive and thoroughgoing plans. In this we see subjugation but the reformation of the culprit The withdrawal little to regret. The share of the British Government in the of Spain removes from the expedition its ugliest feature, while joint expedition was from the first on such a modest scale as to the retirement of Great Britain relieves our embarrassed finances suggest the idea that their participation in the alliance was from what might become a heavy strain and the Chancellor of nominal and formal, and designed with the object of giving the Exchequer of one at least of his large budget of cares. them a vote in the common councils which might be needed to Thus France stands forward in a character highly gratifying counterbalance the supposed projects of Spain, rather than with to her great self .love, as the repesentative and agent of European a view to efficient operations against the dominant faction in civilization for the subjugation of a semi-barbarous community Mexico, which dignifies itself with the style and title of the and the regeneration of a beautiful country. She aspires to Government. At the outset there was some reason to fear that re-enact in Mexico the role she recently abandoned with re. the Spanish Government and people were indulging themselves instance in Syria. In thé Syrian affair she was the fully in dreams of reconquest and a revival of the ideas of Hernando recognised and duly atithorised agent of Europe; in Mexico Cortes. If, ever entertained, they have vanished before the hard the agency is not the less real, because it is tacitly con" ralities of international policy. The aversion with which the f erred and accepted, and results from an "understanding" descendants of the revolted colonist rgarded the flag of the instead of a formaT' convention. Fortunately, John Bull is not
now in one of his periodical invasion panics. The 1500 pairs.

of long boots so kindly furnished by the French Government

for the use of the Canadian garrison trampled out the last

scintilla of "the third panic." Had it been otherwise the present phase of the Mexican difficulty might have furnished the occasion to party politicians and "sensation" journalists for getting up a Gallophobio cry. The wise and generous conduct of the French Government in our late difficulty with the United States now stands it in good stead,, and enables its acts and intentions to be viewed with impartiality and freedom from the distorting mist of prejudice which is too apt to cloud the perceptions of a large portion of the English people, Now is the time to reiterate the assertion that British and French interests on the American continent are absolutely indentica1, that for the past twenty years the two nations have pursued a common policy on every American question, and that their accord offers. the best and probably the only adequate guarantee for the protection of European interests whenever they may happen to come in conflict with the purely selfish and often Anti-Euxpean policy, of the leading Power of the New World. There are none who will view the planting of-the
French flag in the plans of the city of Mexico with so much pleasure as the European merchants, of whatever nation, who lead a precarious and timorous existence there.

The American Secretary of State has not left the world in 1arknesa as to the light in which he views this intervention of :Europe on the shores of the Gulf. Though never, it must be confessed, one of the blatant champions of that doctrine of American exclusiveness which is unfairly fathered upon Mr. Monroe, he has in the present instance shown himself actuated by the sentiment which underlies it. We cannot, indeed, blame him for opposing with all his usual force the rumoured project of forcing an Austrian Prince upon the

onvilZiig Mexicans--a, course which, he truly says, "would be the beginning rather than the ending of the revolution in Mexico," and which makes even the Spanish General cry out, "What madness I" Neither, on the other hand, is there any sufficient ground for doubting the sincerity of the disavowal of such design given by the French Government. However unfriendly the Emperor of the French may be to republics in the abstract, and however willing to identify the cause of order with that of monarchy, provided the Mexicans are an assenting party (which they will assuredly not be), there is nothing in his character and past career to lead us to suppose be would be likely to engage in the quixotic enterprise of restoring, d tortp'ir,the fallen fortunes of monarchy in the New World, whose political soil seems eminently unfriendly to the growth of that institutien. At any rate, it will devolve upon the American Government, not on ours, to protect the Republican cause in the New World and thwart the designs of the partisans of General Almonte and the Archduke Maximilian. Had Mr. Seward confined himself to a protest against a scheme of this kind he would not have encountered the defeat which his diplomacy in thin affair has already suffered both at home and abroad. While keenly susceptible to the slight wound inflicted on American vanity by the presence on Mexican soil of a European armed force, he was as indifferent as any old-school professor of the ethics of statecraft to the serious wrongs to which Europe had long tamely submitted, Taking no thought of the oft-repeated cry of "Death to foreigners!" and its tragic results to the lives of unoffendiug families, nor of the national flags repeatedly dishonoured, Mr. Seward obstinately refused to seetbatany questions wereinvolved beyond those of pecuniary compensation and punctual payment of the national debt. In accordance with this idea, he hit upon the expedient of offering to the three Powers a United States' guarantee of the solvency of Mexico for ten years, in return for which they were to remove their fleets and pay involuntary homage to the

 Monroe doctrine." In November Lord Lyons wrote from

Washington that Mr. Seward was very unwilling to believe that

the European Powers would reject his offer.

In further prosecution of this happy conception he instructed Mr. Cerwin, the American Minister to Mexico, to negotiate a treaty of this nature with the Government of Juarez, but the United States' Senate, putting a truer construction on the motives which actuated the European Powers, or considering that the present was not the time to undertake new and complicated financial engagements, rejected the treaty with a promptness and unanimity which was the reverse of flattering

Mr. Seward's statesmanship.

Another result of this new complication is to bring the policy of the United States and France into more definite opposition to each other. So long as Great Britain was connected with the undertaking the lion's share of the odium attaching thereto in the eyes of the Americans would have been allotted to us, but now all British responsibility ceases. It will be edifying to observe with whet oily professions of goodwill and resignation the American Secretary of State, Congress, journalists, and people will watch the progress of French arms in Mexico. Whatever the outward expressions may be, we may rely upon it that there will be distrust and apprehension within, which will not be the less painful because more than usually well concealed. The apprehension thus aroused will not be without its good use. It will act on the American mind as a counter-irritant to the feeling of resentment towards England now unhappily so rife there. The American Government has, moreover, a rod in pickle for Spain respecting the recent reannexation to the Spanish crown of the quondam Republic of San Domingo. Time was when the untrammelled and. abstinent foreign policy of the Government of Washington made the office of Secretary of State almost a sinecure whose thief attraction was the oppor.

behalf of the general good imparts to every chivalrous mind. In respect to France herself, the occupation of Mexico will serve the same purpose as the occupation of Syria. It will afford an outlet to those feverish energies of the French people which find themselves "cribbed, caNned, and confined" within the narrow limits of their native land, and, by so doing, will help to prolong that era of general peace in Europe in which it is our privilege to live, and the continuance of which is so indispensable to the happiness and prosperity, not only of the people of these isles, but of all mankind.
tuxilty it afforded for writing along, showy, and spirited despatch

to some European Government or other once or twice in the

course of four years but times are changed for the worse in this respect, and even the active and versatile genius of Mr. Seward groans under the pressure put upon his department.

Finally, will the French Government succeed in the main and legitimate object of its policy-the restoration of a strong and settled Government to Mexico? There are always plenty of cynics and pessimists in the world ready to prophesy evil of any enterprise, especially when ft is conducted by a nation to which our historical traditions are opposed. We are inclined to take a more hopeful view. The Emperor of the French can better afford to spend several hundred million francs than

be the originator of an abortive and ridiculous expedition.

Mexican anarchy is to a great extent an artificial product raised in the hotbed of the protection thrown around it by the

Government of the United States in pre-revolutionary times.

That protection being now at an end, there is a fair prospect

that affairs will mend after Europe has reasserted her claims to

respect and "redressed the balance" of the New World. At all events, the experiment is worth trying; and whether it be conducted by one European Power, or by a combination of three, is a matter of secondary concern. If the experiment succeeds, the result will accrue to the benefit of every commercial nation, and theFrench will be able to realise that sense of serene pleasure which the expenditure o one's private resources on

AlERIOA.

By the arrival of the North American and the City of Washington we have news from New York to the l0thiuat.

 ixanuosnacci opanrioss BY SBA AND LAND.

The events on the York and James River peninsula have been of the highest significance. On the 50th ult. President Davis and other Confederate leaders arrived at Yorktown, and after a consultation with the leading Generals all agreed that Yorktown was untenable and should be evacuated. General Magruder alone was of opinion chat it was not advisable to evacuate the position. General J. Johnston issued the order for the evacuation on the 1st inst. It was commenced on the 2nd and completed on the night of the 3rd. The Confederates left a large amount of guns and camp equippage which they could not remove for fear of being seen.

As soon as the evacuation of Yorktown was known the troops under the command of General M'Olellan were put in motion to pursue the Confederates. On the 4th, two miles from Williamsburg, they came up with the Confederates rearguard, which was found to be strong. The Federals being in want of infantry and, night coming on, the pursuit was postponed till the rooming of the 5th.

The Federal gun-boats proceeded up York River simultaneously with the land forces.

On the 5th an engagement took place at Williamsburg, which resulted in the further retreat of the Confederates, and the occupation of the position by the Federals. At nine pin. General M'Clelian and escort entered the town and took possession. About 1&0 of the Confederates' wounded were left behind without any rations, medicines, or surgeons. All the wounded prisoners taken by the Confederates were also abandoned. Including the wounded, the Federals took in the engagement about 1000 prisoners. General MOlellan reports that the brilliant bayonet charge of General Eancock decided the fate of the day. The Federals lost about 300 killed and 700 wounded. Nearly 700 of the Confederate dead were left on the field. A large number of ammunition and a consideiable store of provisions were found

iEulihae town, and die road was strewn for many miles with arms.

After the evacuation of Williamsburg the Federal forces pursued the Confederates eight miles beyond, as far as the Chickalminy River. The Confederates, retreating across the Obicikahominy, destroyed all the budges, The main body had at last accounts retreated to the south bank of the Jan, as [liver. The Federal forces rested on the left bank of this river. General M'(Jleilan finds great difficulty in getting up food, on account of the state of the roads. The Confederates in front of him are in a worse condition, many of the captred not having tasted anything but bircuit for forty-eight hours.

The Federal iron-clad steamer Galena, with two gun-boats, had started up the James River to cut off the river communication of
the Confederates with Richmond. This expedition seems to have rats

carried, as, on the 9th, General M'CleUan reports that the Galena was

aground in James River, a little above Yorktown.

Twenty thousand Federal troops, under General Franklin, had been

landed at West Point, at the head of York River, and twenty miles above Williamsburg. An engagement had occurred at West Point between this division end the Confederates under General Lee. The latter were shelled by the gun-boats and retreated. It was hoped that this body would intercept the retreat of the Confederate army; but the retreat of the main body across the James River had frnstraj this scheme, and General bsrikhn's troops had effected a junction with bi'Cleflan's.

Norfolk had not yet been evacuated. Recorinaissanoes of Federal iron-clad boats to Sewall's Boint have established the fact that very few guns and men remained there. The Merrimac and Monitor approached each other several times, but no battle ensued. The Federal steamers returned to Fort Monroe.

General M'Dowell had made no onward movement, and General

Banks was still at Newmarket, in the valley of the Shenandoah,

waiting for forage and provacons.  -

Advice s from General Burnside's command re North Carolina report that large numbers of men had. taken the oath of allegiance, and that a loyal regiment of North Carolinians had been organised.

Nothing decisive is reported from the armies of Generals Halieck and

Beauregard.

Federal accounts from New Orleans state tbat, the bombardment of the forts below that city lasted sir days without intermission. Twentyone mortar and three gun boats conducted the attack. On the 23rd nit, they succeeded in silencing the fortifications, and in securing the safe passage of the river of fourteen war-steamers, among which was the flag-ship, A severe naval engagement ensued, in which eleven (Jon.. federate gun-boats were destroyed. TheUnion gunboat Verona and the Confederate steamer Webster mutually destroyed each other. General Butler landed 4000 men above the forts and on the 24th the forts were surrendered unconditionally. Captain alley officially reports that the whole of the Confederate navy at New Orleans has been destroyed. The iota of the Federals was thirty killed and one hundred wounded; that of the Confederates much greater. The way is now clear from the Gulf to Bdton Rouge, and the Federal fleet are moving on to Natchez and Memphis.

 The Confederates have destroyed cotton and shipping to the amount

of 10,000,000 dole. to prevent it falling into the hands of the victor.

At Memphis sugar and molasses in large quantities were on the bluff ready to be rolled into the river atid all cotton was to be burnt. The planters whose estates lie on the tributaries to the Mississippi have also set the torch to their stores. It is said only one planter objected to take this couree.

Postal communication by water between New York and New

Orleans has been re-established. The Union citizens of the latter place

have held a meeting at which enthusiastic demonstrations took place.

The steam-ship Bermuda, and other British ships, laden with arms,,

ammunition, and stores, had been captured by the Federal fleet, the

former when bound for and about to enter the British port of Nassau,

New Providence. The steamer Nashville successfully ran the blockade off Wilmington with a cargo of gunpowder and army stores. She pasted through the fleet of seven vessels, all of which threw shells at her without inflicting any damage.

aritoaLLAnJrous.

The proceedings of Congress have been unimportant. The French

Minister arrived at Yorktown on the 4th mat. On the 7th President

Lincoln was at Fortress Monroe and Newport News, and had a distant

view of the Merriniac.

Mr. Seward has instructed Mr. Adams to demand of the British Government the restitution of the recaptured prize, Emily St. Pierre, lately brought into Liverpool

In consequence of the decisive successes of the Federal forces, all Government, railway, bank, and insurance stocks have risen rapidly in value. The 7.80 Treasury notes were at 8 per cent premium, and everything else in proportion.

The official. figures of the losses of the. Fdera1s at the battle near

Plttsbnrg Landing show the following results:-Total killed, r35;

total wounded 7882 missing 4011 grand total 13,661,
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

LONDON, SATURDAY, MAY 24, 1862.

BEYOND confhmation of all the intelligence which we published last week touching the successes of the North, there is not, while we write, much addition to the amount of American news. It is stated that the bombardment of the New Orleans forts had been severe and protracted; but the very small number of the killed and wounded comes, as usual, in ludicrous contrast to the story of the fci d'e?ifer that lasted six days. General M'OlelIan had given evidence of higher strategical powers than those which help the American press to sensation headings of paragraphs; and the tactics which drove trougly-poated.euexny to inglorious retreat fim bliind fortiftçe,tins that QOuld have resisted.
the attack of almost any army that could be brought against them will surely be more admired by real soldiers than any enormous bombardments which a sergeant of artillery would conduct. But such is not the view of the case in the North, and M'Clellan is flow abused for having permitted the ,enemy to be frightened. He would appear to be following theta j also to be directing operations likely to hem theta in. The fall of Richmond was anticipated, with more reason than has gone to the concoction of most of the military prophecies. Unless Beauregard have adopted the system pursued at Yorktown, it is most probable that he and Halleck have met in a bsttle which promises ample horrors for the vulgar sensation-mongers. The idea that French and Russian mediation is at hand was still prevalent, and the organs of public opinion, ]mowing neither the facts nor the intentions of the Government, prudently write for and against such interposition, and, for the greater convenience Of readers include both lines of argament in the same article
HOUSE O LOIDS.-Tusa&r.

Min SLAV TRADE.-Earl 1y8SILT, laid on the table the convention with

the Government of the United States for the suppression of the slave trade.

said that that Government had shown very great anxiety to adopt stringent measures for carrying out the object in view.-The Bishop of Oxford, Earl Stanhoe, and Earl Grey, all expressed their gratification at the announo3ment thus made.-In reply to Earl thanhope, Earl RUSSELL said the convention was to have effect for ten years, and was renewable at the expiration of that time.
THE ,Wrrtr? A .o1

m coo' OF TEE UXLY ST. PIEB.RE. Wa had the pleasure of giving in our last Humber a Portrait of OaptaJn Wilson, commander of the Emily St. .Pierre, and it i

with like pleasure that

we give in our present

issue Portraits of the

two brave men-the

steward and cook of that vessel-who so promptly seconded his exertions in regaining possession of the Emily 5t Pierre-recapturing her from a prize crew consisting of two ocers and thirteen men of the United States' Navy. The circumstances of this daring act, happily crowned with success, and showing in a most remarkable manner how "fortune favours the brave," are too fresh [a our readers' memory to need recapitulation. Matthew Montgomery, the steward, is a native

of Dublin: he is of

enallstature, and about

twenty-eight years old. The cook, named Louis Schelvin, who is in his twenty-seventh year, is a German, belonging

to Frankfort-on-Maine.

Purses of gold andsilver

medals, with suitable

inscriptions, have reiently been presented to he steward and cook.
POSTAGJi STAMPS.-WC have before our eyes, says the Siècle,

an cxiunple of the cupidity with which an invention is propagated as soon as its utility is recognised. The posI4lge-stamp had its origin in London on the 10th of January, 1840, and for ton years England alone made use of it. France adopted it on the 1st of January, 1849; the Tourand-Taxis 001cc introduced it into Germany in the year 1800, and itis now in use in sixtyninecountrieain Europe, nine in Africa, five in Asia, thirty 111 America, and ten in Oceania. About fifty postage-stamps may be counted in the United States alone. Van Dionien's Land poesesses its own; also Hayti, Natal, Honolulu, and Liberia. Lastly, postage-stamp collectors are so numerous a class as to possess a manual end special correspondents ; and the prices of collections at sales are regularly quoted.
A BUN BY BAIL FROM WASHINGTON TO ST. LOBI. (From our Special Artist and CorrespondenC.)

ST. Louis, Missoui, April 24.

MY last letter, or rather statement, which explained the peculiarity of my position on the Potomac, having, salt were, been mustered out

of the service by a special order from the War Department,

acquainted ou with my intention "to couch a pencil" in the ranks of

the army in' the Par West. There, in all conscience, I should nd dsin

enough for the exercise of my profession-where battles, not petty

skirmishes of advanced pose, but good, honest, eledge.hami aghta

with wholesome bills of mortality, were the order of the day, anti forming myself into a "pen and and pencil brigade," with my feulll de route in. my pocket in the shape of a railway ticket, I "ekeedsajedj' from the capital of the die-United States. Oh! how many times al

Since

starting have I bemoaned the extent of this "Almighty big country"

Those who know the low-backed seats of the Aineria cars will readily sympathise with me in my three days and three nishts of railroad travelling. But, after all, that's nothing, bless you! Vhy in times of peace, if you want to go from Portland, in Maine, to Ne

Orleans, you have the privilege of hissing and screaming along at the

rate of thirty miles an hour for over a week. Oh, then, rerhaps

some one will say, "Why didn't you take a sleeping.car?" "Velj j

 didn't because I object to be packed away on a narrow ledge with fifty or so perspiring individuals redolent of travel-soiled garments, the stale odher of masticating and fumigating tobacco, and most of them objecting to the opening of the ventilators. Now I am not by any means one of those who are continually elevating their proboscis at the notion of a foreign substance getting between the wind end their nobility; but I confess I should prefer travelling ma cleanly and Chrisiianlike manner, as a decent mdividual ought on payment of a reasonable atom, instead of being herded into a caravan with a set of men who comport themselves more like wild beasts than human beings. I do not, in writing thus, intend to offend the great American people; but there are occasions onwhich they show such a passionate love for a certain goddess that, as Mark Tapley observes, it leads to taking liberties with her. At Harrisburg, l'enusylvania, we had to change carriages and wait some time for the train that was to take us on to Pittsburg. A gentleman in one of the Government offices had asked me on leaving Washington to take under my protection his brother's wife going to join her husband, a naval officer, at Cairo. To this I cheerfully assented; our route was the same, and the extent of the attentions required of me were scarcely more than what any gentleman would offer to a lady travelling unescorted. And very necessary, indeed, were these attentions to her, as it so hap. Yelled) even in a country where it is proudly stated no woman need fear insult when journeying alone. But to return to our muttons. At Harrisburg we found waiting in the station the "hardest crowd" it has been my fortune to meet with in the States-the real, genuine rowdy article 'which I had often heard of but had really never seen. There were a hundred or so of Susquehanna raftamen, grouped about in the ticket office, in every, conceivable position, and dressed in all i kinds of inconceivable fashion d,' favourite style appearing to be a slouched hat, rough flannel shirt of gorgeous pattern, and bedlick trousers, tucked into high boots. None of these gentlemen were remarkable for cleanliness, preferring to lounge at length on the quid. becuisbioned floor, and all busily employed masticating and expecto. rating to such an extent that the boards appeared to be literally covered with penny pieces. All about their neighbourhood lay the result of their previous labours in the shape of what looked marvellonely like any quantity of Liliputian ship swabs. Placing my charge in the ladies' waiting-room, I lit a cigar and strolled about an the platform, watching for the advent of the Pittsburg train, which eventually heralded its approach far away in the dark night with a bellow from its steam "cow" that startled the echoes from every airrounding frill. On it came-huge, undefinable, a black mass-with a great glare of fire in front. In another moment it forged slowly past me, tolling as it were a death knell from the engine-bell and associating in my mind spectral tableaux of horrible collisions, and mangled dead. Bat a noisy rush of the raftsmen soon brought me back to the realities of my position, and hastening to my companion we made an effort to reach the ladies' car. Vainly I exerted all my strength; it was insudiclent to protect her from the brutal crowding of the ruffianly crew; they swayed and surget expectorated and blasphemed utterly regardless of my expostulations and appeals to them on her behalf. At last I caught the conductor's eye, and pointing to my charge made another desperate effort to reach the steps on which he stood. After a liberal amount of elbowing on my part, and a stubborn resistance on his, of the assailants who wished to take forcible possession of that one particular car, I succeeded in passing my companion to him, and epringly quickly after her placed her, in the only vacant seat that remained, taking my stand by it 'aide. "All aboard!" cried the conductor, below 'went the "cow," and away we sped. Your readers are most of them, no doubt, familiar with the peculiar arrangements of an American railwaytrain. All the carriages communicate by a door as each end, and if a traveller is so disposed he may 'vary the monotony of the V 'Dumey by moving from one extremity of the train to the other.

.Td in their first effort to obtain ingress into the ladies' car (some

what more comfortable than the others), and finding but little

room elsewhere, the rafisnien now came trooping to make a second

attempt, The conductor expostulated and stood in the doorway, but

the pressure soon displaced him. Two gentlemen and myself stood somewhat further on in the passage way, determined to hold our own to the lest; but fortunately those who obtained admission did not come beyond the vacant space round the stove. Content, apparently, with having penetrated so far, they commenced a syeteinof annoyance, unmanly and unworthy of men of whatever condition they ought be. "S-a-a.a-y, Obyl Guess, we could find good fixina among they gals." Here followed a coarse laugh and anything but harmonious cohcert,
all joining in the chorus of Rake her down, a1, Poet it to the banjo, Rang a dang a dang a dug, Keep the game alive, oh!

"Oh, Saul I Gal'c'late they don't like our crowd; guess, they'd better

varinoose; 'taint peiiitetokeep gentlemen standing," to whichauggestion Saul expressed his unqualified approval; had it been qualified somewhat, it would hardly have been so offensive to ladies' ears. Another grand chorus

Oh, we'll ride upon a railroad, railroad, railroad,

Oh, well ride upon a railroad

Bound upon a spree I

"S-a-a-a-y, Mister! reckon you've got a standing ticket" (spit): this was addressed to me. "Guess, you travel on an elevated principle '

(spit). It is impossible for me to describe the deliberate drawling 'manner in which this was said, or the exquisitely juicy fashion in which the observation was punctuated. For hours this kind of thing was kept up, and numerous were the remarks made and tongs sung that were totally unfit for a woman to listen to. But what could we do? We in our minority were entirely at the mercy of the mobocraCT, end all that the two or three gentlemen present with thyself could hope for was to protect the ladies from more positive insult. Luckily, this ruauly crew were going no further than Tyrone, and I am sure there was not one among us who did not wearily count the miles till we thankfully left them at their destination. Now, this kind of thing does not happen every day, perhaps; but still, equality travelling continually exposes quiet respectable people to similar annoyances, and I am aura, from what I have heard, there are hundreds of Americans who would delight to see the system changed.

At daylight we were pung up the échelles of the AileghanyMoufltamns

winding round the ledges on the face of the rook in a most intricate and remarkable manner, Below, on the off side we could look down pu the pine woods, dwarfed by the height we iiad obtained, while now and then an opening in the mountains would display to us the lovely valley through which we had come, and whose beauties had been lost in the hours of darkness. There sped the Susquehanna, lightly draped in a mantle of mist, which was gradually disappearing inwreathy, rosetinted columns, is the son shone out from above the hills. Jotted about the banks and on the rising ground were the substantial homesteads of the German farmers, and far, far beyond stretched dark green forests, so dark chef they became almost black in the fleeting veil of night. Another abrupt turn, and the scene was changed; we were entering a gorge, and frownng masses of granite

threatened to crush us as we thundered along beneath them. Now
we was j the wildest portion of Pennsylvania. Rocky pinnacles I lose overy side, partially clothed in a rough garment of pine. Turbulent a

watdu1 hissed and boiled in their beds as though tbeywrithed

5bel1ed against our intrusion to these solitudes. For miles the a

mountainous c erof thèlandscape remained unchanged; and when -

at last we emerged from itsportals of granite we found ourselves rolling

into the busy, smoky anvil-clanging, chimney.spired to

Pittsburg, the forge of tue United States. Here we had thirty minutes a]1oweduSf0r0re taking afreshtrackthrough Ohio andlndiana, and, hungry and exhausted, we rushed from the cars, anxious to secure

eo,etbing before all should have disappeared,-for eating in America

is done on the high-pressure system, especially at the railway restaurants. But, ah, confusion! two rival niggers sprang towards me as I alighted on the platform, each manipulating a gong with might arid main "Step din way, boss; elegant dinner for fifty cents. Clar de track, you black nigger (to his rival), and let de gembleman fetch voting missus along." Regardless of my coloured brethren, whom I left hurling their stage thunder at each other, I forced my way through the ravenous crowd, dragging after me my companion, and, securing two chairs, we brought two additional knives and forks to bear upon the already fast-disappearing viands. I have now been in America some time, but as yet l am no match for my Transatlantic friends at the dinner-table: the celerity with which they ship their supplies is incredible, and their bill of lading is assorted. There went the bell, and I had scarcely decided yet what I would take, though but little remained but a few battered reranants of each dish, and, like Lazarus, I was compelled to satisfy myself with the crumbs from the table.

Our jonrne now lay through a most beautiful and highly-cultivated district of Ohio. On each side of the line were rich parterres of spring wheat, with just the necessary amount of uncleared land, to give character to the country. To the left runs the swollen Ohio River, with stern-wheel steamers snorting impatiently at their almost unsuccessful efforts to stem the rapid current. Little smiling villages and townships burst upon us like sparkling opals from the emerald woods, and everything denoted a prosperous and well-conditioned State. As we advanced into the more unsettled districts we found ourselves surrounded by dense forests, but even here the sound of the woodman's axe and the little open patch, with neat log hut, showed the chosen site of a future farm. Vastly different was the appearance of Indiana, through 'which we were speeding the next morning at daylight. Impenetrable swamps choked with dank and rotten timber sent up their fetid breath under the rays of the rising sun. Scant and of miserable exterior were the villages through which we rushed, while the separate settlements bore unmistakable signs of a poor soil or ill-cultivated land. But soon we were at Chicago, where a few hour rest was grateful to at least two travel-worn and dust.bepowdexed people.

 Chicago is quite a miniature Liverpool in its way. Canals and docks

intersect one portion of the city, and these are crowded with the

ciest-looking schooners and most eccentric of steamers, gorging and disgorging the produce of the West. Verily, this West appears to me to have a mighty destiny in store for it. With its lakes and

that main artery of America, the Mississippi, throbbing with

increased vitality through its States, it seems to grasp with each band the North and the South; and who shall predict the future result of the war which is now being waged between the opposing sections of this giant people, who threescore years ago was the youngest-born of the family of nations-the birth, as it were, of a day--and who are now developing their energies and revolutionising the theories of the Old World? and who, I ask, shall predict the result of this servile war-for servile war the Abolitionists are making it? The America of the past can never again be the America it has been. The West has given its thousands of sturdy pioneers to swell the ranks of the Federal army, and to its stalwart battalions are due the victories which have restored the prestige of the Government; but how long will the West be content to sacrifice the choicest of her sons apd the commerce which is necessary to her? Will she notproud of her achievements in the field-turn to the East and North and taunt them with their shortcomings? Will she not-disgusted with the hungering after contracts of the North-eastern State and crippled in her own resources, removed as she is from the commerce- of the Atlantic seaboardturn eventually in bitterness from the strife and carve out a new destiny for herself, seeking her fortunes with the broad streams of the Mississippi and Ohio as an outlet to the riches with which her bosom teems P As yet I have seen comparatively little of the West; but that little has suggested the substance of the foregoing remarks. Already the very people who placed the present Executive in power are voting democratic tickets at the elections of their State officers, and what all this may eventuate in others more profound than myself may determine-'will there be a further diesnemberment of this cruelly-distracted country? But pardon me this digression; these speculations are probably but idle ones, though I have heard many here express sentiments that would give colouring to what I have written.

 Again the deep bellow of the "bull-glue" was heard, and we rattled

out of the Chigaco thipOt on to a causeway built 100 yards from the

shore and running parallel with the stately marina of the town. On

our left stretched the broad expanse of Lake Michigan, dotted far and 'wide with the white wings of swiftly sailing schooners and the gracefully curling columns of gauzy vapour from the busy little tug-boats. As I looked on the calmly placid waters my thoughts were carried back to a certain dark night in he year 1860. A proud steamer cleaves her way rapidly thronghthe surrounding gloom; sounds of merriment and the careless laugh of insouciance come from her brilliantly-lit cabins. But then comes another sound-a fearful crash, followed by one loud shriek of agony and despair-the steamer has gone, and with her is that deep plunge she has buried the happiness of many families and left a bitter grief that the waters of oblivion can never heal. On that dark night a gentleman whom I knew was hurried, with his eldest son, in the midst of a well-deserved prosperity to an unlooked-for doom, and this Journal, that owes its present proud position to his energy and enterprise, lost its founder, and hosts of artists and literary men a friend. Again I ask your readers to pardon me for digressing, but this painful reminiscence of a cruel misfortune has forced, itself tuiwittingly from my pen.

In another hour we were entering the endless plains of Illinois, the prairie lands-so marked a feature of this continent. There they stretched, broad and expansive, thousands of Salisbury plains massed into one great area of gently-rolling verdure. At intervals, to vary this continual monotony of apace and sky, we would startle the quiet of some little town, a settled island, as it were, in a dried-up,;d

--

hehe decisive battle impending between the two mighty armies arrayed

gamst each other.

More of Cairo and St. Louis in my next. At present I mumaiL  st close to

are the . v.
sea, bringing down the inhabitants in eager groups after the Chicago

papers. it so happened they contained the lists of the killed Illinoisians

at the battle of Pittsbnrg Landing; and more than one anxious old xiian I saw bury his face in his hands as we sped rapidly onwards: thus did we leave misery in our track, striking down in grief many Who Were anxious for our coming. But what was that which disturbed me from my uneasy slumbers the next morning at daybreak? The train was almost stationary, and a rushing sound of water beneath the carriages betokened something unusual. We were in the midst of a submerged forest, and the line, though eight feet above the level, had two feet of Mississippi water on it. Slowly we moved along, the cowcatcher in front of the locomotive throwing off the drifting trunks of trees, and after ten weary miles at a creeping pace, with fires nearly extinguished, we rolled on to the leve at Cairo. The quantity of water accumulated there now would astonish even Martin Chuzzlewit and his friend Mark Tapley-the only dry land for a dozen miles round being the aforesaid levee, which threatened at any moment to give way, and make a new channel for the Mississippi (now twenty-five miles broad from the flood) through the valley of Eden. On the day of my smval General Pope, with his division from New Madrid, paused here on his way to Pittsburg Landing, where he was moving to reinforce General Hallenk in front of Corinth. The Sketch forwarded with this shows his transports ranged along the levee, and also the junction of the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers indicated by the line of submerged forests. [This Illustration will appear in a future Iq umber.]

The General in command at Cairo having referred me to the hagarters of the Western department at St. Louis for permission to join

a forces on the Tennessee, I am now here waiting a reply from General alleck to the request I have preferred through the authorities left in charge. Every hour may bring toe an answer, and, should it be favourable, which I have every reason to hope it will be, I shall leave immediately for Pitteburg Landing, arriving in time, I hope to witness
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Etna we have news from New York to the 17th inst.

DBLOGERWT OPERATIONS 23Y SEA AND LAND.

Norfolk, the naval dp6t of the Confederates, has surrendered, the

navy-yard, dry dock, machinery, and 7esaels there having all been pre-viously destroyed, On the IM inst. General Wool landed with 5000 men at Willoughby Point and marched on Norfolk. A delegation of citizens met him near Norfolk and surrendered the city. BrigadierGeneral Viele was appointed Military Governor, and issued aproclamation assn±ig the citizens that their rights of property should be respected. The citizens are as disaffected to the Federal Government as those of New Orleans. They greeted the Federal troops with cheers for the Confederate, and groans for the Federal, President.

The Confederate General Huger withdrew with the garrison to rein

force General 1'obnson. On the 11th the Confederates blew up the cain..

brated Mcrrirnae, the late reconnaissance of Federal vessels having convinced them of the hopelessness of resistance, arid the Merrimar drawing too much water to allow her to escape up any of the rivers.

The vanguard of the main army of General M'Olellan has advanced

beyond New Kent Courthouse, within twenty-two miles of Richmond. The inhabitants have, in nearly every instance, fled before the advance of the invaders. General MO1el1au thinks that the enemy will make a stand at Bottom Bridge, fifteen miles from Richmond, at the head waters of the Ohickahominy River. He admits that "the enemy's retreat has been most admirably accomplished, carrying almost everything with them in the shape of forage and provisions, the waggontrains in the daytime and their troops at night." The report that the main body of the Confederates had retreated to the south side of the James River is untrue.

Released prisoners coming from Richmond on the 12th reported that they passed the Federal eteaniers Monitor, Nangatuck, and Galena beyond City Point, steaming towards Richmond. The Confederate steamers Tarnestown arid Yorktown were at Rocketits, about a mile from Richmond.

'The Federal General Buster, commanding the Military Department
of Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina, has issued a proc1na

declaring martial law in those States; and, as martial law and slavery

are incompatible, all slaves in Georgia, Florida, and South Carolina era

declared for ever free.

A coloured pilot and crew had arrived at Port Royal with a steamer

of eight guns which the Confederates had sent from Charleston to

Port Ripley. The coloured crew seized the steamer and took her to, the Federals at Port Royal.

A despatch from Cormth states, that the Confederates admit that Pensacola has surrendered to the Federals.

From New Orleans we learn that the Mayor said Aldermen had bee]] sent to prison for refusing to take the oath of allegiance. The greatest dearth of provisions prevailed, and General Butler occupsid the St. Charles Hotel as his head-quarters. Re sent a proclamation to the newspaper offices for publication, but they refused to print it. A Federal guard was sent to each office, and Northern printers were procured, by whom the proclamation was set up and published.

The Southern papers state that the Federal scjuadron had arrived off Fort Morgan, to attack Mobile.

General Beauregard has obtained a alight advantage at Farmington,, a place five miles east of Corinth. The brigade of the Federal General Pope was attacked on the banks of a creek near Farmington. After an

engagement of five hours the Federal forces were driven across the.

creek with great loss. Beauregard continues to receive reinforcements.

The Federals estimate the number of his force at 125,000 at the least. • There has been another naval engagement on the Mississippi. Captain Davis reports from above Fort Pillow that on the 10th inst. eight Confederate iron-clad gun-boats attacked the Federal flotilla. under Commodore Foote. The action lasted one hour. Two of the Confederate gun-boats were blown up and one sunk, when the rest. retired under the guns of the fort. One Federal gun-boat was sunk, and one disabled.

Another iron-clad steamer, christened the Ironaides, had b eeu

launched at Philadelphia.

WASiiJNGrON.

President Lincoln had issued a proclamation to the effect that the

blockade of Few Orleans, Beanfort, and Port Royal should cease

from June 1 on the following conditions

Vessels clearing from foreign ports destined for New Orleans, Beaufort. or Port Royal must obtain licences from American Consuls abroad, which will be granted upon satisfactory evidence that such vessels will convey no person, property, or information contraband of war, either to or from the above port..

These licences must be exhibited on arrival to the collectors at the abovø poits.

When cleared outwards from the above ports such vessels must have the. collector's clearance, showing that the above conitious have not been violated.

The violation of these conditions will involve the forfeiture and condemnation of vessel and cargo, and exclusion from entering the Vatted Slates daring the war.

Congress continues firm in its anti-slavery course. The House of

Representatives had passed a bill abolishing slavery in the territories.

of the United States by a vote of 85 against 50. This bill, if passed

into law, 'will render nugatory the Dred Scott decision. The Senate has voted an appropriation for the education of coloured children in. the district of Oolumbia, for whom no pablic schools of any kind have hitherto been provided. The Democratic members of Congress have assembled and passed resolutions condemning the policy of the recent measures of emancipation and liberality towards the oppressed race.

Mr. Edward Stanley, of San Francisco, but anative of North Carolina, has been appointed Military Governor of that State. Mr. Stanley is one of. those few Southerners who adhered to the Republican partyfrom il's birth.

MX5CELLAI1IOUS.

President Davis had recommended the observance of a solemn fast.

and humiliation on the 16th day of this month.

A vessel had arrived at New York with 1943 bales of cotton from..

Port Royal.

Gold was at 3 preen.
BICEMOND, VIRGINIA.

By the time this reaches the hands of our readers it is not only potsible, but extremely probable that the city of Richmond may be in the hands of the Federal forces. The latest news announces the evacuation of the fortified position of the Confederate forces at Yorktown, and there is a rumour that they have suffered defeat at the position to which they have retired.

The fall of Richmond would be a far greater blow to the cause of the South than a similar calamity at' ew Orleans or Charleston. Richmond is not only the capital of Virginia, but it is the capital of what is called the Old Dominion and is intimately connected with all the old associations of the early iiistory of the colony. Most of the remarkable events which happened during that period when the first colonists were securing their foothold upon this portion of the American continent took place upon the banks of the James River.

The colony of Virginia was born at that most remarkable period of English history, "the age of Elizabeth." It was founded by Eaglish gentlemen, who carried with theta the loyalty, courage spirit, and chivalric feeling peculiar to the clans to which they belonged at home. The Virginians remained a loyal people, and stood by King and Church while Puritanism and Republicanism were rampant in New England. During the civil war between Charles I. and his Parliament the Virginians continued faithful to the Royal cause, and, even after the execution of the King, his son Charles IL, although a fugitive from England, was still recognised as the Sovereign of Virginia. Although loyal to the King they showed no want of spirit in claiming such. rights as should place them in the position of free men; and numerous important privileges were conceded to them, snub as the right of trial by jury; and they claimed and were allowed to have a representative government. Having obtained a right they never allowed it to be wrested from them. The other colonies afterwards planted claimed as extensive privileges as had been conceded to their eider sister, and future proprietaries could hope to win emigrants only by bestowing franchises as large as those enjoyed by Virginia; they, therefore, may be justly said to be the founders of liberty in America.

 The early history of the colony is a web of romance in the days when the genius f Raleigh abed its light upon it, when the gallant Smith performed his bold and courageous exploits, and the gentle Indian princess came a visitor to Europe, until the time when she struck for liberty, set an example to future ages, and received the sword of the conquered Coruwallis and his whole army prisoners on the plains at Yorktown. Not one of the States has given so many great names to the nation as this; it is full of hallowed shrines where i great men were either born, lived, died, taught, or fought' and the names of Jeerson, Patrick Henry Clay, Madison, Monroe, lee, and a host of others, rise instantly in our memory.

Thecity ofRichmond issituated intheeastern part of theState of

Virginia, upon the James River, at the point where the navigation

ends and the rapids-commence. It is about 100 miles south by west of Washington, and is on the great railway mail route from New England to New Orleans.

Richmond is a cell-built city, and contains a number of fine edifices.

It isfor themost part situated onthesides of some hills, which slope

towards the river. The principal buildings are of stone, but the general character of the city, as seen from any elevated point in the neighbourhood, is that it is built of red brick. It has all the characteristics of a manufacturing city in England (except that it is neither black nor dirty): this is caused by the superior elevation and extent of the numerous tobacco warehouses, of which the city is full, it being the great dp8t for this famous produce of Virginia. The buildings in which the tobacco is stored and manufactured are much in external appearance

like the factories in England, being long and many-storied. The popu.

lation, previous to the war, was about 85,000, one third of which were

black, either slave or free.

The public buildings are numerous: they consist of the Capitol, the City Hall, the Penitentiary, Custom House, colleges, said about thirty churches.

The Capitol is a fine building, splendidly situated on an eminence overlooking the James River: the view from the portico is extremely fine. In the centre of the building is a hail 4Oft. square, covered by a dome, through which the light is dmitted. In the centre of this hail is a marble statue of George Washington, on the pedestal of which is this inscription:-11 The General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Virginia have caused this statue to be erected as a monument of affection and gratitude to George Washington, who, uniting to the endowments of the hero the virtues of the patriot, and exerting both in establishing the liberties of his country, has rendered his name dear to his fellow-citizens and given the world an immortal example of true glory. Done in theyearof Christ onethousand seven hundred and eighty-right, and in year of the Commonwealth the twelfth." The sculptor has placed his name on the statue; it reads thus: "Fait par Iloudon, dtoyen Françaia, 1788." The figure of Washington is of the size of life, and the costume is precisely copied from that which the General wore during the War of Independence. There is no hat on the head, and the hair is dressed in the fashion of the time; the legs are placed in large boots strapped to the knee-buttons of the breeches, which are surmounted by a waistcoat which has large flaps and capadons pockets. The attitude of the figure is simple and natural; his hand rests on abundle of iasce over'whieh hang his military cloak anil a small sword; a plough is ingeniously arranged to complete the group.

Besides thin statue in the Capitol there is another, an equestrian

statue on a large scale, elevated upon a pedestal (much too small for it) which has bas-reliefs upon its sides illustrating remarkable events that occurred during the war; at the angles are statues of other men who were eminent either as statesmen or soldiers. There is also a flue statue of Clay, and the bronze works by the eminent I American aculptox Crawford erected upon the elevated terrace wnich
surrounds the Capitol. The City Hail is a fine building, situated at an angle of the Capitol square. The Penitentiary is situated in the western part of the city, and has a façade over SOOft.inlength. The Custom House cost half a million dollars. Some of the churches have considerable architectural pretensions. Richmond College was founded by the Baptists in 1832. St. Vincent's College is under the direction of the Catholics. The medical department of Hampden and Sydney Colleges occupies a large building of the Egyptian style of architecture.

There are several large bridges over the wide shallow waters that run by the town, which connect it with the suburbs of Manchester and Spring-hill. The navigation extends up to the bridge for small vessels, such as coasting schooners and small steamers. Immediately above the bridge the waters tumble over rocks, which axe strewed about in the most picturesque manner, and form beautiful cascades. The views from the bridges, looking up and down the river and towards the city, are delightful, the river being split-into separate branches, which, uniting at intervals, form pretty little thickly-wooded Islands.

In one of the principal streets of Richmond there is a group of buildings of ordinary character as places of business, but they have their ground-floor apartments large and open to the streetthere may be half :its of them in a row, or near together. Beside the door of each is alittle red baize flag, and upon it is pinned a small piece of paper. An involuntary shudder passes though the entire frame of an Englishman when he for the fitat time reads what is 'written upon that bit of paper. The announcement is exceedingly short, but in its half

dozen syllables it speaks volumes. It says -"Negroes for sale at auction this day at twelve

o'clock" How much of human misery is contained

in that short announcement I What a curse has

that institution " brought upon all the land, all so bountifully treated by the Creator; but this particular part, Virginia, seems favoured inøst espe daIly in soil, climate, beautiful scenery, and contains
every gift of nature that can add to the happiness. of those who dwell in it. The slaves in Richmond are well clothed and fed, and have a happy and contented look-at least it was so before the war broke out. What their position may he now we have no means of judging.

Richmond is the centre of an important railway system. The Richmond and Petersburg Railway is its first route southward on the Great Northera and Southern transit, and the line from Predricksburg the first to the northward. The Central Rail.

M&Ar leaving the city, makes a long xe Mon

ea north and then turns westward mL ge interior of the State, the region of the famous springs. It passes by Gordoneville, Charlottesville, and Staunton, audit was proposed to continua it through the State to Guyandotté, on the Ohio River. The Richmond and Denville Railway runs south-west 141 miles to the upper boundary of North Carolina, and connects with the railways of Tennessee, Georgia, and the Carolinas. The city is also connected with Lynchhurg by railway, and thence, by the Virginia and Tennessee line, with Knoxville, Tennessee.

The Keuawha Canal and the James River extend the communications westward by water nearly 300 miles. The ordinary route from Washington to Richmond before the war was by steam-boat to Aquia Creek, on the Potomac, thence by rail through Predricksburg to Richmond.

The subjects of our Illustrations of Richmond are,

first, a general 'view, looking across the river. This

view was taken from the top of a smell bill at the

southern part of the town: it shows the principal

features of the locality, but not the principal part of the city, which lies more to the right of the spectator. The second Engraving is of the quay below the town, where the craft which navigate the James River he to discharge and take in their cargoes. The third Engraving is of the railway bridge which, crosses the river at the foot of the rapids, taken from one of the islands which divide the waters into separate streams.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LOIDO!, .SATURDAY, MAY 31, 1862.

such as they, are, but at all events successive occupations of positions lately held by the Confederates, are ported by every American mail, and there seems little ground to doubt that the cause of the south is, in a military point

view, hopeless. The Confederates are pressed at all points by the enormous forces opposed to them, and, whether they gain a battle here or repulse an attack there, such items will go for nothing in the.general account.. The Merrimac, hitherto valued as equal to an army of 50,000.men, has been blown to pieces to prevent her falling into Federal hands, and all other war material at Norfolk has been similarly dealt with, though it is alleged that the Federal commanders might have prevented the destruction, by some display of the dash which has been 5ojngulaily deficient in this war. General M'Clellan was, by the last advices, stated to be pursuing the Confederate force that so hastily abandoned the peninsula where the work of gebastopOl was to have been done over again, and, from the" positioxls of the armies that were to support him, there seemed every chance of that portion of the Southern force being checkmated, Only where Halleck' and Beauregard continue to look at one another was there hope for the Confederates, and his hope was not worth much amid the circumstances of the campaign. But anxiety, as to the Federal army was openly expressed, and Government had forbidden the publication of any news from Corinth. Mr. Jefferson Davis had named a day for humiliation and prayer. The bitter hatred of the South for the

'Yankee" was becoming more deep and deadly, and it is manliest that, though the Confederation may be suppressed by force of arms, no reunion, in the true senre of the word, can be possible. . As if to make the breach wider, the Senate had passed a bill enfranchising the slaves in all the Territories, and the threat was that all the States that did not at once rejoin the Union in a loyal way should be reduced to the territorial condition. Flushed with conquest, the North announces that it never can again be the peaceful nation which it curiously discovers itself always to have been, and begs England to revise her rule of behaviour; to avoid abolition talk; to dismiss Jfjnisters who 'are disliked in the States; and by such submissions to avoid the auger of the now martial Republic. We are, of course, duly schooled, but have not sent back the Emily St Pierre
HOUSE OF LORDS.-Morgaiy.

-baustoms toI Inland Revenue Bill Was  utef

standing that the 1souasco  Oomoiittco on Eriday.

The P n (rr3land) Bill pas rm.a.y pTrtjn (Ire1,uwl TIM was Tend a third time an n

THE SLAVE TRADE.-Lord BItOnunAE directed attention to an omission

from the recent treaty with the United Slates of America for the suppression of the slave trade by which the limits of the right of search were not extended to Porte Rico, a coast peculiarly well adapted for the operations of slavers.Earl RUSLlljL said that if it were found necessary to include Porlo Rico in the provisions of the treaty he was so confident in thesincerity of the Government of the United States that he had no doubt any suggestion to that effect would meet with attention.
