LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The following telegrams have been received through Mr. Renter's office

AJYLERIOA.

By the arrival of the St. David (via G-recncastle) we have received the following intelligence dated New York, Feb. iS, Evening:

General Grant reports to Mr. Stanton this evening that to-day's Ric1sncn .Dcepatclr says Sherman entered and took possession of Columbia yesterday morning. General Beauregard communicated this intelligence ofl1cia11 yesterday. From his despatch it appears that the Federals shelled Columbia on Thursday from the south bank of the Con garee. During the night they moved up the river, and on the following morning forded the Soluda. and Broad Rivers. During the Federal passage of these rivers, Beauregard evacuated Columbia. The Federals soon after took possession. Two days previously, when it was decided not to attempt the defence of Columbia, a large quantity of medicinal stores was destroyed. The despatch presumes that the fall of Columbia will necessitate the evacuation of Charleston, which the despatch thinks has already commenced.  -

The general impression is that Sherman will now proceed to Charleston to establish his base; but the J)epaeh does not see what need be has of a base. He subsists on the country, and his army has not been exhausted by any battle. Since he left Savannah, Sl:erniau declared his intention to march to Columbia, thence to A-nnsta., and thence to Charleston. This Beauregard considers was

u&d as a boast to hide his designs. The. Do thinks that he tte  81)ateA

will next strike at Charlotte or at Florence. It was reported yesterday that the Federalt had captured Augusta; but the .Despatch diecrcdits the report.

The Charleston .M'ercurp announced a temporary suspension on Saturday, with the view to its removal to another point, this being rendered neceesaiy by the progress of military events.

Captain Seinmes has been made a Rear-Admiral. with the command of the James River squadron. Gold, 20.

Philadelphia papers announce that the Richmond papers of

¥ Thursday state that Sherman's main columns had reached Xingsvifle Junction, twenty-five miles north.easI of Columbia. The communication south of the Florence Railroad and on the Charleston Railroad is interrupted.

A Confederate flag-of-truce beat has been blown up on the James River. All on board were lost.

The House of Representatives has passed the Tari3 Bill, and

¥ rejected the proposition to tax sales of merchandise. Mr. Stevens's proposed tax of 10 per cent upon gold sales has been defeated.

lCAx.ADA.-Quebec, Feb. 17.-The House in Committee has atQtioted the appropriation of 330,000 dols. for the expenses of the irangements on the frontier to prevent raids. It has also approprinted 50,000 dols. on account of the money ivftmded to the trifited ~~'tatts in the crse of the St. Albans raiders.

i~
THE FEDERAL OCCUPATION OF

CHARLESTON.

THE evacuation of Charleston, South Carolina, by the Con. federates is one of the most startling events of a campaign which has presented a long succession of surprises. The fact,

regarded from a military point of view, is not, perhaps, so important as the capture of Fort Fisher; yet we can hardly wonder that the announcement of it stirred a deeper feeling of satisfaction in tle North than any that has shown itself during the progress of the war. The few observations we shall make on it will have reference rather to its moral than

to its military or its political bearings. The object of the struggle at its present stage is no longer what it was at its commencement, so far, at least, as the South is concerned. When the first gun was fired against Fort Sumter, there can be no doubt that the seceding States contemplated founding an extensive and extending empire,, of which
tLc'r pcculinr and, as they a1rnicd, necessary institution sas to have been an important element. So'h an object, howccr, it is imposibIc that, the onIcderacy can any longer entertain with hope. Slavery, as a social system, Las so far snlfereil by the collision of the two sections of the American people that its extinction, at no very distant date, is morally certain. Such being the ease, although the issue of the contest may involve principles to which our Transatlantic kinsmen, whether of the North or South, 'attach high importance, we, as distant spectators, seeing that the broad interests of humanity are no longer at stake, may be excused for doubting 'whether the cost of further strife will not far exceed the ends proposed to be gained by it, and for wishing that we may soon 'witness the end of bloodshed and devastation. We know not bow the fall of Charleston may affect the final balance of political power on the continent of America, nor do we pretend to be competent to foresee its strategical effects; but there is one point of view from which the event may be regarded which is fail of instruction and which is worth serious consideration

Charleston may be said to have precipitated this war. It

cannot, it is true, be proved that but for South Carolina, of

which the city of Charleston was the heart, Mr. Lincoln's

election in 18(10 might not have led to the eventual secession of

the Slave States; but, at least, it should be borne in mind that

South Carolina set the example. She did so, not by accident, but on calculation. Her temper had inclined her in that direction for many years past. She had used her readiness to recede as a threat on former occasions whenever her self will had been crossed by President or Congress. By means of it she strove to overbear all legitimate opposition. We neither affirm nor deny her right as a State to take time position she did; but we note the fact that she asserted that right with inconsiderate haste. For awhile, the policy of which she may he said to have been not merely the advocate but *the author was accepted by the majority of the people of the Thmited States, and none insisted upon, submission to the decisions of that majority, when they chanced to b with her, more loudly than South Carolina. Then came the memorable election of 1860, by which the political supremacy of the South was, for the time being at any rate, broken and overturned. What might have followed that popular victory had it been accepted we can only conjecture; but the election itself could hardly be regarded as an invasion of the sovereignty of the Southern States, Not a single act had yet been done, not a profession had yet been made, inimical to State rights, when

 ,cuth Carolina declared for secession, and was soon followed in that course by several of her sister States. Her precipitancy was looked upon in the North with wonder and, for a time,' with forbearance. Ordinary patience, tact, and statesmanship on the part of Seeessia might probably then have secured her ends without the exchange of a single shot: for there was not then such a show of angry temper in the North as forbade the South to believe that a peaceful separation might be practicable.

Things were in this critical but not altogether hopeless position when Charleston took into her own hands to bring to an abrupt decision the alternative of peace or war. She assailed Fort Sumter, and from that act what a long train of miseries has proceeded What a sea of tears and blood has resulted from that first concussion! 'What an avalanche of destruction has been brought down upon l3oth sections of the theretofore prosperous republic! 'What a huge conflagration of passion has been kindled! For all these things South Carolina made herself responsible. Thousands upon thousands of men and 'women on both sides, who had no participation in that act, but upon whom the terrible consequences have fallen, have since bewailed the impatience and imperious pride that needlessly and almost gaily flung back the floodgates of devouring war. which from that moment to this none have been able to close, and through 'which an inundation of 'woe has swept to cover the face of the land, with wreck and death.

were quite as brave as others; but circumstances conspired to render her fate an inglorious one: She wb fired the first gun in this awful war was finally taken possostion of in a manner,. humiliating to her pride. No one will forget her successful defence of herself at an earlier period; yet no one will associate with her end a sentiment of enthusiastic admiration. .Almost before Europe has given a week's reflection to tha announcement of her having been abandoned, the fact is almost lost sight of, having been obliterated by the later tidings that South Carolina is being traversed by an army of her foe, not merely unresisted, but seemingly unmenaced, by her inhabitants.

Yet, one can hardly doubt that Charleston, prostrate as she is, will rise up, and enter upon a better future. Her geographical position will ever make her the chief maritime outlet for the productions of the South, Cotton and tobacco will still be grown when slavery has ceased. She has paid the penalty of her own mistake. Her ruins will be repaired. Her grassgrown streets will once again resound with traffic. Her waters will be crowded with the ships of all nations. And her last state of prosperity will, we devoutly trust, bury her first in forgetfulness.
- Remembering all this, one cannot wonder that the fall of Charleston has sent a thrill of sensation through the North, nor that the officers of the Federal Government took possession of the already ruined city with a feeling of satisfaction that poetic justice had at length overtaken her. We cannot preten ci to be conscious of that feeling. We know too well how, in all such, calamities, the innocent suffer with the guilty; and how, not the perpetrators of the crime alone, but also those who 'would have prevented it if they could, share the doom which it has entailed. But we do see in the retribution which has befallen Charleston enough to make its pause and ponder. It does present to our minds some suggestions, wholly uncoloured by party feeling, to which we think attention may be profitably given.

The old proverb says. Curses, like chickens, come home to roost." The experience of mankind, condensed into these few words, discloses to us one of the laws which characterise the moral government of the world. Those who rely on the power of cursing-or. otherwise expressed, on words of menace, outbursts of passion, and impatient and angry self-assertionrely upon the reed which. when it breaks, pierces the bands of such as lean upon it, South Carolina, on any question into which her passions entered, disdained reasoning. An overbearing reiteration of her will was her main argument. Her social structure had nurtured in her habits of despotic command. and she freely expressed them. It will not do. It never has done. It is as certain of bringing round its own retribution as it is that what men sow they will reap. The fate of Charleston. now desolate and in ruins, is but another historical illastration, added to many foregoing Ones. that reason, law, and justice cannot be set at 'lelianec, by however strong a will, with ultimate impunity.

 It is 'woxthv of note, moreover, that to (harestoia has been

Ll(nic(l time gxatillcatiea of falling heroically. cr children

AMERICA.

We have news from New York to the 22nd ult,, at which time gold was quoted at 201k.

Charleston, the capital of South Carolina, has been surrendered. W',s were able to announce this fact in a portion of our Impression last week. This city, the most important, next to New Orleans, of the

SS

otithern seaports, where the first shot of the war was fired, and which for nearly four years set at defiance the whole power of the Northern navy, assisted by a considerable land force, is now garrisoned by Federal troops. Charleston was evacuated by the Confederates on the night of the 17th and occupied by the Federals on the morning of the 18th tilt.

In April 1861, Fort Sumter, at that time occupied by a Federal garrison, was besieged by the people of Charleston, and surrendered after a bombardment of some hours, but which occasioned no loss of life. From that time till the 18th of February, 186.05, the flag of the United States never waved either on the forts or iii. the town. Animated in part by feelings of vengeance and partly by a desire to gain one of the principal Confederate seaport towns, the North spared no efforts to gain possession of Charleston. Expedition after expedition was dispatched with this object, u'onclads were built expressly to run the gauntlet of the fire from the forts by which the entrance to the harbour was protected, and even cannon were invented and new engines of destruction designed. for the special ur

pose of raining fire on the city which had so provoked the alike wrath, But ironclads, Pnrrott guns, and Greek fire were alike useless. When the city was evacuated the Federal fleet was beyond the range of Fort Sumter, and the besieging army was peaceably encamped behind its intrenchments. Charleston was abandoned because the successes of a General who had never appeared before its walls rendered the step necessary, and the ironclads entered its harbour an

General Gilmore's forces occupied its streets without tiring or receiving a shot.

On the 15th ult. Sherman appeared before Columbia, and, having bombarded the town from the south side of the river on which it stands, it was surrendered without a struggle. On the following day time outposts of the Federal army reached the Kingaville Junction, twenty miles north-east of Columbia, and thus secured possession of the railroads communicating with the eastern portions of South Carolina.

Intelligence of these events having been transmitted to Charleston, the evacuation of that town was effected on the night of the 17th ut., and on the following morning the Federal troops entered, without opposition. The guns, to the number of two hundred, with' which the fortifications were armed, fell into the hands of the Federals, after, however, having been spiked, and a considerable quantity of ammunition also became prize of war. The retreating Confederates, however, left as little for the enemy as they cord possibly help. They set tire to the arsenals, quartermaster's stores, and cotton citipots, blew up their ironclads and other vessels in the dockyards, and destroyed the railway bridges leaching from the town. The upper portion of the city was also intentionally, or accidentally, Set in flames, and 6000 bales of cotton are supposed to have been. burnt. Time Confederate forces had quitted time city before the besiegers entered, and no attempt was made to molest' them in their retreat. ,The motives which led to the abandonment of Charleston inc manifest. Cut off from the rest of the Confederacy, it capture becnme inevitable, and its abandonment furnished the only way by which the army to which its defence was intrusted could be saved from destruction. The Confederates, after leaving the place, retreated in a north-westerly direction.

Meantime Sherman was pushing his alvantage in the centre of
South Carolina. Beauregard, on leaving Columbia, retreated rapidly

towards Charlotte, a railway centre in North Carolina, about eighty

live miles nearly due north of Columbia. Sheiman's column lost no time in following the Confederates up, and at last accounts was thirty miles north of Columbia.

At Wilmington, too, the Federals have been successful. On the 10th of February General Schofield, assisted by Admiral Porter, assaulted and carried Port Anderson, the garrison making good their retreat. The fall of Wilmington, we are told, appeared certain.

From Newbern and various other points strong forces have started

to operate on the railways, and in Western Virginia another raid was preparing. In Alabama General Thomas was, it is said, making arrangements to prevent Rood's army from going to the Carolinas.

Some 10,000 men have, however, left to reinforce Beauregard.

o active movements had taken place before Petersburg, but a strong impression prevailed that Lee would evacuate that place and fall back to Lynchburg, where he would be joined by Beauregard and such other Confederate forces as could make their way to him.

TLITISH NORTH AMERICA.

The Upper Rouse of the Canadian Parliament has voted, by fortyfrye to fifteen, in favour of the confederation scheme. An address

will be presented to the Queen based upon the resolutions of the Conference,

The Legislative Assembly, while in Committee of Supply, voted,

without a division, 50,000 dole, for the purpose of reimbursing the St. Albans banks for the losses they sustained by the Confederate raaers.
Anything by the Dean of St. Paul's is sure to be xead with respectful attention. Fra,s.er commences with a report of his speech before the clerical subscription committee on a subject almost equally interesting to the laity and to clergymen. A review of Merivale's sermons on the conversion of the Roman empire may, probably, be attributed to Mr. Froude. It is very elegant and able. "Virginia, First and Last," is no doubt by Mr. Conwar, whose able contributions to this magazine we have before had occasion to notice. The writer's situation is peculiar, he being, at the same time, a patriotic Virginian and one of the most determined opponents of slavery, in America or out of it, His love for his native State is pathetically evident in his description of Virginian homes in the good old times, while he does not disguise the deterioration which has followed the unhappy day when, some thirty years since, Virginia definitively united her fortunes with the Slaveholding States, and excluded the liberal and humanising culture of New England. According to Mr. Conway, the actuating principle of Virginia and the Carolinas is the assertion of State rights, and consequent dissolution of a Union which has become incompatible with them, while the rest of the revolted States regard the destruction of the Union as a means to an end, and that end the propagation of slavery. He seems to foreshadow a breach between the allies on this account. Mr. Froude's paper on: tl
The Gazette of yesterday se'imight contains the officifl'

announcement that Sir Frederick Bruce, who lately returned to England on leave of absence from his post as our Ambassador atl'elnn, has been appointed our Ambassador at Washington, in place of Lord Lyons, resigned. -

-,- --
-.  RI

Our latest news from New York, by the Nova Scotian, is to the molting of the 5th inst.

In President Lincoln's Inaugural Address, which we give on another column, there is, it will he seen, no indication of any change of policy.

The great blockade-running city of Wilmington, as stated to a considerable portion of our Inoprossion last week, passed into Federal occupation on the 22nd tilt., Washington's birthday. From Admhal Porter's official despatches we learn that General Schofield, now in command of the Federal military in that quarter, advanced, on the 17th ult., from Smitinte, four vessels of the fleet simultaneously attacking and enfilading the works. The wind and tide prevented more vessels from participating in the engagement. Port Anderson answered pretty briskly, but quieted down by sunset. During the night the Confederates sent 200 floating torpedoes down the river, but Porter sunk them by musketry. One torpedo entered and blew up the wheel-house of the Oscsola, and knnoke:l down the bulkheads. No daninge however, was done to the hull. Porter spread fishing-nets across the river. Nest noononig Porter advanced with the greater part of the dent. A heavy fire was maint:'inc,l sioncing the Confederate batteries by

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

We have news from Quebec to Feb. 24.

The Legislative Council have got rapidly through with the debate on the confederation scheme, having closed the discussion of that measure on Monday, Feb. 20, when the motion in favour thereof was carried by a vote of 45 to 15.

The discussion of the proposed new Constitution continues nightly in the Lower House.

The resumption of the trial of the St. Albans raiders took place in Montreal on Monday, Feb. 20, when the court was thronged with spectators. Mr. Xciv opened the argument for the defence, and was followed by Mr. Laflamme on the same side. On Tuesday the latter counsel was to continue his arguments against the extradition of the prisoners, but, owing to the indisposition of Judge Smith, the Court did not sit on that day. The investigation is creating vast excitement. Mr. lderr submitted to the Court a series of printed propositions, seventeen in number, with authorities sustaining them.

Mr. F. W. Torrance, barrister, of Montreal, has opened his oommia-sion of inquiry into the conduct of Judge Cooraol in dismissing the

St. Albans raiders. Mr. Henry.Stunrt, Q.C., applied to be admitted

to watch the case for his client, which the Commissioner declined to allow. The Hon. Mr. Letehlier brought the matter before the notice of the Upper Chamber by inquiring of the Government whether it was by their instructions that the Commissioner was proreading ex perle and with closed doors. In reply. Sir E. P. Tach6 stated that Mr. Torrance was only acting in virtue his commission, that he had received no instructions, and was carrying on the inquiry

according to law. . . - ., --------------
three p.m. Porter, however, continued the fire until dar'c, and also, through the night, and in the mean time Schofield was working in the Tear. "While the fleet maintained a heavy fire upon the fort," Schofield says, "I messed the enemy on both sides of the river, and sent Con sixteen miles round the swamp to the enemy's right. Con proceeded along the narrow defile between the tWo swamps, and completely turned the enemy's position. The enemy,_ discovering the movement, abandoned the works and retreated to Wilmington. The guns captured are uninjured. Fifty prisoners were taken. The loss was small, on each side." It is stated that the Confederate shot made, no impression on the Federal monitors, although but a third of a mile from the fort. The southern face of the fort, however, was "badly disfigured." The Federals sent a sham monitor, constructed of canvas, up the river with the tide to explod&torpedoos; It floated jast the fort, and is supposed [to have hastened its evacuation, the Confederates believing the water communication gone. Immediately upon the evacuation of Fort Anderson, Schofield directed Ccx, one of his subordinates, to follow the garrison towards Wilmington. The Confederates made a 'stand behind Town Greek; but on the 20th Con crossed the river below them on fiat boats, attached their rear, and routed them, taking two guns and 300 prisoners. On the 21st Con pushed on to Brunswick River, opposite Wilmington, whore the bridges were on fire on his arrival. The Southerners had begun burning cotton and rosin in the city, and left it that night. Citizens state that 1000 bales of cotton and 15,000 barrels of resin were burned. Northern accounts say that "Union feeling showed itself strongly in the city."

 Sherman has burnt Columbia-in retaliation, it is said, for his troops having been fired upon after they entered the city. The Southern papers charge the Federal General with having bombarded the town without giving warning of his intention to do so. Such accounts as we have of General Sherman's movements are obscure arid contradictory. On the one hand, it appears to have been reported in New York that General Sherman had marched in an easterly direction, and had effected a junction with General Schofield, on the 27th nit., at some place not named. On the other hand, it seems to have been stated by the Richmond newspapers that General Sherni‡ was moving against Raleigh, the capital of North Carolina, and had left the Confederate army, under its new Commander-ia-Chief, General Joseph Jehnstca (who has superseded Beauregard), in his rear, at Charlotte. There are rumours by the last mall of a battle, and of Sherman and Schofield having been checked.

Southern papers continue to speak confidently of the safety of Rich

mend and of Lee's ability to withstand any movement made by Grant. On the other hand, there are statements that preparations for the evacuation of the place have begun. It is said that Grant was preparing for a new movement, but that the weather interfered with his plans. General Grant states that since May lust 17,000 deserters have come over to him from the Confederate army. According to the Richmond papers Grant's troops north of the James River have been moved to the left and massed with the rest of his army in the vicinity of Hatcher's Run.

 The proposition to arm 200,000 negrces passed the Confederate House of Representatives on the '20th ult. ; but it iras indefinitely postponed by the Senate on the following day, by a majority of one. The Richmond Di.epatcle thinks the bill will be reconsidered and passed. Opinion at the South seems evenly balanced on the subject. General Lee has expressed his opinion that the employment of slaves in the army is both expedient and necessary, on the ground that the white population alone cannot supply the necessities of a long war; and recommends that a call for those who will volunteer upon the condition of their freedom be immediately authorised by the Southern Congress. The message of the Governor of Georgia opposes the arming of the slaves. They do not wish to enter the army. They will desert by thousands, The Governor, it is said, denounces violently the military and civil policy of President Davis, which, if persisted in, he says, must terminate in reconstruction, with or without subjugation.

A bill has passed the Confederate House of Representatives, in secet Session, anthorising the arming of negroes tendered by owners, and also anthotising the President to call upon each State, whenever expedient, for a quota of 800,000 troops, irrespective of colour, in addition to those subject to military service under existing laws, The relations of slaves and masters remain unchanged, except by consent of the owners in States where slaves reside.

The Confederate Congress have expelled Senator Foote.

The Virginia Senate has authorised the Governor to call for volunteers among the slaves and free negroos of the State for the defence of Richmond and other points threatened. They are to be organised into infantry companies for the year's Service, under white officers, and to be placed at the disposal of the General-n-Chief.

Governor Vance, in a proclamation to the people of North Carolina, declares that the only dangers that threaten e cause of Southern independence are the depression consequent upon recent reverses and the risk of internal dissension. The muster-rolls of the Confederacy show the record of 400,000 soldiers, but thousands upon thousands of them are absent without leave. To entreat, to put to shmne, or to drive these men back Co the defence of their country's standard is the business of the hem'.

President Lincoln has approved the Fortifications 33111, the appropriations for which have been reduced to half their original amount,

The House of Representatives has passed the 600,000,000 dols.

Loan Bill.

The Senate has adopted the amendment increasing the duty on tobacco, snuff, cigars, and eheroots. It has also passed the Rouse Bill

taxing sales 4 percent. - - - -
PRESIDENT LINCOLN'S INAUGURAL ADDRESS.

The following is the foil text of President Lincoln's inaugural these, received on Thursday night through Mr. Reutel.'s

aLLow-CorNyn)ue,-At this second appearance to take the oath of the Presidential office there is less occasion for an extended address than at the first. flieu, a statement, somewhat in detail, of the course to be pursued seemed very aittthg and proper: now, at the expiration of four years, during which public declarations have constantly been called forth concerning every point and mbaec of the great contest which still absorbs attention and engrosses the energies of the nation, little that is new could be presented, me progress of our arms, upon which all else chiefly depends, is an well

)mno'wal to the publias to myself. It is, I trust, reasonably satisfactory and ancoeraging to all with a high hope for the future. No prediction in that regard is ventured. On the occasion corresponding to this four years ago, all thoughts were anxiously diteeted to an impending civil war. All dreaded it; all sought to avoid it. While the inaugural address was being delivered from this place, devoted altogether to saving the Union without war, the insurgent agents were in the city seeking to destroy it without war, seeking to dissolve the union end divide the effects, by negotiating. Both parties deprecated war; but cue f theni would make war rather than let the Union perish; and war came. One eighth of the whole population were coloured slaves; not distributed genex11y ever the Union, but located in the Southern part. These slaves constituted m'. peculiar and powerful interest. All know the interest would, somehow, cause war. To strengthen, erpctuate, and extend this interest was the object for which the insurgents would rend the Union by sear, while the Government claimed no right to do more than restrict the territorial enlargement of it. Neither party expected the magnitude or duration which it has already attained; neither anticipated that the cause of the -conflict might cease avert before the conflict itself should cease. Each ldokcd for nix easier triumph arid a result Ias fundamental and astonishing. Both read the same Bible and pray to the same God. Bach invokes His aid against the other. It may seem strmnge that any man should dais to ask a inst Cod's assistance in wringing broad from time sweat ot cthr men s faces; but let us judge not, that we be not judged. Thu payer of both should not be - answered; and neither has been answered icily, for the Almighty has his own purposes. "Woe unto the world because of oflencee, for it must needs be that offence come, but woe unts that man by

wbcm the offeileC cometli I" If we suppose A-moricen slavery one of these effencee which in the providence of God must needs come, but which, liavin g continued through His appointed time, He now wills to remove, and that Be gives to both North and South this terrible war, as due to them by whom the offence came, shall we discern that there is any departure from those Divine attributes which believers in the living God always ascribe to Him? Fondly do we hope, fervently, do we pray, that this mighty 1-ceerge of war may speedily pass away; yet if it be God's will that it con. tinue until the wealth piled by bondsmen by 250 years' unrequited toil shall be sunk, mind until every drop of blood drawn with the lath shall be paid by another draw n by the sword, as 'was said 3000 years ago, so still it must be said that the judgments of the Lord are true and righteous. With malice towards none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right as God gives ass to see the right, let mis strive on to finish the work we are engaged in; to blr,d up the nation's wounds; to care for the mast who shall have borne the battle, amid for 1iL widow and orphans; to do all winch may achieve anti cherish a jest and a lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations,
THE most interesting, as well as the most important., debate which has marked the present Session took place on Monday

last, when Mr. Seymour Fitzgerakl, calling attention to the report of Colonel Jervois on the defences of Canada, brought up the American question." Several of the best speakers in the

-- These were the statements of the three men who represent opposed opinions, and, for different reasons, they all agree that at present there is no cause to apprehend a rupture. The allegation by Mr. Seward that at the Hampton Roads conference the Confederates proposed to make peace, and then that North and South should fall on Canada, is eagerly repudiated by the Richmond press, tncl. we are assured that it was not upon Canada, but upon Mexico, that it was proposed to fall, and that the French, not the English, were to be expelled from the New World. This may or may not be. If we have to express our opinion, it would be that, had the North seen its way to any war at all, the South would not have been particular as to the direction in which the reunited stars should travel

nor have we done anything to deserve the affection of the South. The Emperor of the French will, doubtloss, take into consideration the amiable readiness of the Confederates to overturn the new Mexican Empire. He is, in fact, in much the same position as ourselves in regard to America. If Canada be attacked, we shall certainly support her with the whole force which Great Britain can bring to bear; and if the Canadian frontier be indefensible, that is also the case with several points in another frontier, which it is not necessary to name. If Mexico be attacked, the honour of France is pledged to maintain, for some years at least, the empire which she has founded, and which will be an invaluable boon to a country which was never free, by reason of the numerous bloodthirsty and corrupt tyrannies which rendered Mexico a by-word among. nations. The American reader of our debates will perceive that our statesmen of all parties are fully aware of all the bearings of the case, and we think that the speeches of the responsible orators will show that "rowdy rhetoric" has produced no effect upon the tempers of Englishmen, and that we do not acpt the scoffs of vulgar writers as the expression of iericau opinion. And, above all, and amid all, and beneath

11 will be found, we hope, the resistless current of a

oble faith-namely, the belief that Providence will not

ermit the despots of the world to enjoy the humiliating spec.

ole of the two great free nations of the earth, the mighty champions of civilisation and progress, engaged in hideous grapple, instead of leading in majestic union the march of mankind towards better things than can be gained by war.
house took pert in the discussion, end the Commons were occupied upon it until near midnight, the Premier closing the debate. It was, generally speaking, conducted in a manner which showed that the Hous had a due sense of the weight which would attach to the deliberate utterances of the British }rouse of Representatives. The report is now on its way to the West, and it will be interesting to know how it will have affected .American readers. The declaration of the friends of the Federals that the newspapers of the States are not to be respected, as they do not represent the feeling of the people, may as well be borne in mind when we are told, as we unquestionably shall be that the British are showing theft terror of the great and glorious armies which the crushing of the rebellion will liberate: and probably dispatch to rectify an account which requires stern overhauling.

We do not suppose that an honest American reader of the debate, however much he may fancy he dislikes England, will perceive any signs of terror in the great debate, We are expressly told, on both sides of the House, that there is no reason to believe that the Federals propose to break the pence. Lord Palmerston assures us of the friendly character of the relations between the Government at Washington and our own; but his words are those which a Minister is hound to use until a rupture takes place, and too nearly resemble the assurances of peace which we received within a very short time of the declaration of war with Russia, to derive very great importance from the position of the speaker. Mr. Disraeli, like the celebrated German who had never seen a camel but nevertheless described one, evolved a Federal out of his own moral consciousness, and, h.aving constructed the being, cited Aristotle to show that Lincoln would not invade Ctn aria. The leader of the Opposition assumed, and sustained with great skill, a calm, philosophic tone in regard to America; and argued, from a lofty height, and as if with a bird'seye view of affairs, that we need not apprehend war, though it was just and necessary to state that our Government was not to be thanked for our security. But Mr. Bright, who may be regarded as the member for Federalia, and who represents American views far more faithfully than those of any large number of Englishmen, would not he content with any formalism or any philosophy. He was, or seemed. to be, more angry than he usually appears

and, while peace was his theme, he thundered over it as if be were proclaiming war. Mr. Bright contended that England had behaved ill to the Federals in recognising the South, in taking a high tone in the Trent affair, and in permitting the Alabama and other English-built vessels to ravage the seas. That was the guilt of the Government. The educated classes had behaved ill in admiring the valour of the slaveowners and in rejoicing at their successful resistance. The press bad behaved ill in recording its belief that the Confederates would make a long defence, and might ultimately establish their independence, and, moreover, in describing the victories which they had gained. Lord Russell was let off easily, though his declaration that the triumph of the North would be good neither for the negroes nor for humauiby is on pennancirt record. Mr. Bright-and we have noted his words at some length because he is the American advocate-is instructed to say that there is "no fear of war."
! 5W__J

It was not to j that a great debate on the policy of this country towards the United States was involved in Mr. Seymour Fitzgerald s motion on the defences of Canada It would

have been quite possible to keep the discussion within the narrow

circle of military administration; but it would seem that this oppor

tunity was skilfully employed to promulgate opinions and indicate a policy on the part of the leader of the Opposition in the House of Commons, and to neutralise the bounceabiity of the chief of the Opposition in the Rouse of Lords in reference to Anglo-American aairs. With considerable dexterity Mr. Fitzgerald contrived to impeach the Government for not preparing to defend Canada to the uttermost, and at the same time to insinuate a belief in the best and most peaceful intentions on the part of the United States, a feeling which, if he happened to get into the Foreign Office, was to be cherished and, if

possible, ezpen was alpable bidding for the support and

THE DEFENCES OF CANADA.-OU1I RELATIONS WITH A."RICA.

Mr. SEYMOUR FITZGERALD brought under notice the report of Colonel

 Jervis with reference to the defences of Canada, end called attention generally to the state of that colony in the event of an attack by the Federal States of America. The lion, gentleman observed that in his opinion the Federal Government were quite justified in giving notice of their intention to-terminate the mutual arrangement with regent to the naval strength of both Powcre on the lakes; but that he thought we ought to have met the Government of Washington and to have proposed a temporary increase of the naval police. Had this been done the Federal Government would, in all probability, never have given us notice of the termination of the convention. Again, with regard to the notice to pat an anti to the Reciprocity Treaty, that notice might have been given in a moment of irritation, and ha could not hut think that if we had said to Mr. Seward, "Do not precipitately put an end to a. treaty which has hitherto worked so well ; but point out to us how we eon meet your views and we will endeavour to modify the treaty with that end,' matters alight have been arranged satisfactorily. Looking at the experience of the peat, as exhibited in the Treat affair, ha thought it would be idle of us to shot our eyes to the imminence of a quarrel, at no remote period, with the Federal States. He believed that if Canada were independent she would have nothing to fear from the Northern States. But she was nob independent. and, so long as she desired to maintain her connection with the mother country, we were bound in honour to stand by her. Under these circum. stances, he warned the Government to take active steps to counteract the efforts which the Northern States were now melding for the contingency of war with England. What, be, asked, were we doing for the defence of Quebec, and for placing gun-beats on the internal waters of America. He considered that we were bound at once to communicate with the Canadian Government, with a view to putting the colony in a defensive state. This would strengthen the prospects of peace; and if, unhappily, war should break out, we would have the satisfaction of knowing that we had done our best towards maintaining the honour of England untarnished. Prompt and vigorous action was absolutely necessary, and he hoped that the Government would not hesitate a moment in taking it.

Mr. W. E. Poiesvsn expressed a hope that the Government would give a full and frank reply with reference not only to the relations between Canada and the United States, but also with respect to ourselves and the Government

¥ of Washington. lie admitted that there was apprehension out of doors with reference to our future relations with America, but, in his opinion, they were

¥ absolutely groundless. In support of this argument he reminded the House of the absurd panic of a French invasion which had disturbed the propriety of the country a few years since, and which we were all now thoroughly ashamed of. He denied that either the American Government or the American people were anxious for war with England; and he maintained that the proper way to defend Canada was, not by fortifications or gun-boats, but by persistence in a dignified policy of neutrality.

Mr. OdIcOWELL expressed the gratification with which he was able to make the announcement that our relations with the United States were perfectly friendly. With equal confidence and pleasure he was enabled to state that there were no papers in the possession of her Majesty's Government varying the principle upon which the question of the Alabama stood between the two Governments. With regard to the Convention limiting the naval force to be

o kept on the lakes, Earl Russell heel communicated with the United States Minister his desire to substitute another agreement for the old one; and, so seen es the notice to terminate the Reciprocity Treaty had been given, no time weihi he lost by Government in entleavonriug to open negotiations en a uthjOVi of such. vital importance. The right hors. geutleneic also explained in
detail the steps which lace Majesty's Goveraoient, in conjunction with the colonial Government, intended to talc() for the strategic defence of the provinces.

Mr. IJIEnAJiLI did not wish to pass any opinion on the probable termination. of the civil war in America, but he had no hesitation in saying that i-s wore bound to put our Canadian possessions in a state of proper defence. No one wanted the mother country to defend an extended seaboard, but what the country expected wab that her Majesty's troops in Canada should not be placed in such a position that their admitted bravery and skill would be of to avail.

¥ Mr. LowE asked the House to consider what this country was hound to do for the defence of Canada. It was, lie thought, absurd to attempt to defend a eealjc'erd of 1000 miles. In his opinion, the better course would be is withdraw our troops from Canada, and, in oaseof war with the United States, to vcttccntrate our force upon some vulnerable point of the Union.

Sir 3. FhY.GIJSSON complained that the Government were not doing that which they themselves admitted to be necessary for the defence of Canada, It wse, be thought, a more mockery to speak of expending £10,000 a year Lot such t cnrfes?

Mr. \Val1!rlt underrated the nine of the North American provinces to the

Criac cc. end asked whether the country was prepared to pay an income tax of

a ,Ii illiccg fu the pound for the pnrp000 of defending Canada.

Br. Ci. lTC,lc'rEsQtIt observed that the Government considered it to be a matter Of duty to defend our North American provinces, provided they wishel to ri main dependent on the British Crown and were prepared to play a manly pert icc thrir own defence. He did bet believe that the American iceepiewenti Lu insens end foolish enough to torn their arms against a friendly power by attaching Canada.

 Sir P. SMITH u of opinion that a statement of the entire cost of the achiest of Canadian defence should be laid before Parliament. He confessed he could not me any reasonable prospect of supplying Canada with saltelsie enlnsnee for many years to come.

Mr. \V.s'JKsti contended that her Majesty's Government should state distinctly to that of the United Slates that they leaked Upon Canada as a part ci the British empire, end that they were prepared to defend it at all cost. In that esse there would be no war with America.

Sir M. PAatQtiaeAE urged that, in consideration of the loyal feeling of the Canadians towards the mother country and the extent 601 oar commercial interests in Canada, it was the duty of this country to put forth all her power in the defence of that colony.

Lad ELCIJO concurred in the common-sense view taken by Mr. Laws, and raid that it would be most impolitic to attempt the defence of Canada by nceene of a British army. If war should break out, he would recosamend striking at some vital part of the enemy. Be regarded the proposals of the Ccvernnaent as powerless for defence, though strong to invite aggression.

Mr. Avnyorc said the best way to efenci and preserve Canada would be to maintain amicable relations with the United States. If, however, any dispute should arise between the two countries the bettor course would be to submit the matter to arbitration.

Lead 11. CECIL deprecated discussions of this irritating description, and mneintatned that for the heneur of England it was necessary that whatever was to be done for Canada should be done quickly and completely.

Br. BRIGHT commented upon the circumstance that a better feeling had grtSvn up of late in reference to the Federal States, and inquired how there was to be war if England was not in favour of it and the United States were cppcsed to it. He did not believe that any cause of hostility would arise osat of the recent affairs in Canada, but that, if the peace were broken, it woahl be in consequence of some misunderstanding between the Government at \Vsshingten and that at London. The hon. member proceeded to comment open the pgnic which now prevailerton the snbjcct of America, and said that, although 11 the City appeared to be frightened, there was really nothing to canes apprehension, ewe that "the City" was very seldom right, becansn speculators were rarely able to form a cool and dispassionate opinion upon any subject in which their financial interests were concerned.

Lord PALMEBS'rOE denied that any feeling of jealousy existed in this country against the United States; on the contrary, he believed that there was no Englishman who did not survey with pride the great Aagle.Saxosa race which was rising on the other side of the Atlantic. Feelings of irritation no doubt prevailed against England in America-among the Northerners and the Southerners-bseanse we had refused to join the one or reeegnisa the other; but this feeling would wear away in time, and lie was persuaded that nothing would be done by England to provoke hostilities with Amerida. He did not agree with Mr. Lowe, that Canada could not be defended. There was no intention to withdraw her Majesty's troops from Canada, and he thought that, so long as the Canadians woro prepared to throw in their lot with us, we were bound in honour to do the utmost we could for them. Her Majesty's Government had no cause of complaint against America. There were, at was true, international clainas arising out of the war, but there was no reason to suppose that they could not be adjusted without diillcultv.

The subject then dropped.
- ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

THE BOMBARDMENT Of' FORT yIarufR.

Pez Engraving on page 249 is from a, sketch by our Special A.rtist, rep e. the scene. within the north-eastern salient of Fort Fisher, near Wilmington, durng the second great bombardment, which was Gommenced on the 18th of January, and continued till the successful assault in the afternoon of the 15th. A part of the Federal fleet i

seen yng at anchor towards the right-hand side of this view; while the storming-party, which numbered 2500 men, is landing in the distance and preparing to extend itself across the neck of land between the sea and the Cape Fear River. The guns in battery, shown in the right-hand corner of the foreground, are still being worked against that part of the Federal fleet 'which lies farther to the right, and which cannot, therefore, be included. in this view. Most of the other guns in the fort have been disabled by the heavy shot of the enemy; and. the exposed position of the men, with shells of the largest size falling and exploding in the midst of them, is terribly apparent in our Illustration.

THE OA1P OF COIPBDRRiTfl PRISONERS AT ELMIRA.

The Federal Government has, since last July, confined a large

number of its prisoners of war in an encampment formed at Elmira, in the State of New York, distant 277 miles from New York city, on the Erie Railroad. We have been favoured by Mr. Horace Ruxton with a view of this encampment, taken from the "Observatory" lately built upon the public road outside the camp, which is

daily visited by a multitude of curious persons, who pay the pro-prietor of the. Observatoiy at the rate of ten cents a head for

permission to have a peep at the formidable captives.. The inclosure within which these prisoners are confined is a apace of some twenty acres of ground, with a broad river running in the rear, and high wails on every side. Kere about 10,000 of the Confederate soldiers who have been made prisoners of war are kept in safe custody, lodging in the wooden huts or in the canvas tents shown incur Engraving. Sentries are posted all round on the wails in such a position that they can ha-re a clear view of everything within the camp, - while the movements of the sentries themselves cannot be -watched by the prisoners. At night the whold place is lighted up with kerosme-oil inmps. A number of spies az-a employed to mix' with the prisoners and, inform the Commandant of any 1ots which they may form to escape. Notwithstanding these precautions, an attempt was made, at the end. of November by about 801) of them, to dig a trench underground, from one of the hospitals to the wall, intending to pass under the wail and. get out beyond. This scheme was, however, detected, and their escape prevented, on the night which they had fixed. Mr. Buxton assures us that the prisoners at Elmira are well fed and clothed, and. there is an e±llcieat medical staff to attend to the sick. They amuse themselves with reading and writing, or making toys and other small articles for sale.

 TH FliDRAL PRISON iN PORT IAPAYETt.

An Englishman who has been connected with the Southern American Confederacy, and is necessarily an active Vartisaai having lately undergone a detention in one of the Federal prisonsort Lafayettesends us sketches of which we engrave two; and. a letter, from which we extraot the following description:-" Isend you three sketches taken doringa short imprisonment in Fort Lafayette- two interior views of Oasemate No. 2, and a view of the inside of the fort. I may observe that, apart from their giving a true picture of life in the Federal prison, seldom has artist or amateur put pencil to paper with so little in Ins stomach as was contained in mine during the few hours occupied. upon these sketches; for during the brief period of this selfallottedtask Iwas invited to solve the interesting problem of finding upon how very little 'bad bread, salt-horse, and bean-soup' (all but the bean) a full-grown man can continue the somewhat necessary operation of breathing. The rule as to the issue of rations in this Northern prison, both in quality and. quantity, is unchangeable and really monotonous in its effect, A word or two about this now celebrated prison may be interesting to your readers. Like old. Sumter,. it is a sea-gfrt fortress, standing at the entrance of New York Harbour, and, bristling with 100-pounders, is ready, with its sister forts Hamilton and. P.ichruond, on Long Island and Staten Island respectively, to dispute the passage of the Narrows with any Confederate or other gun-boats attempting to force a passage. As soon as the, war commenced, the Federal Government recognised the adaptnbility of this fort as a military prison; and. from that time to the present its gun-rooms and casemates have been crowded with Confederate prisoners of all ranks and grades. It *as here that the members of the Maryland. Legislature were placed in durance vile and here it was that en-Governor Morehead of Kentucky, lingered tiui he was brought to the verge of death. The –on.Fierre Sould, too andahost of other Confederate notableshave been confined here; andhiere, when I had the good fortune to obtain my order of release the other day, I

left man, still in pri amongst whom were Admiral Buchanan,
of other Confederate notables 'have been confined here; and aere, when I had. the good fortune to obtain my order of release the other day, I left many still in prison, amongst whom were Admiral Buchanan, General Page and his Sta (captured in Mobile Bay and at Port Morgan), Generals Pryor and Beal, Captain Thom and other officers, besides a large number of privates and a few blockade-runners. Among them was one Captain Bel, a Virginian, an officer in the Confederate army and holding also a naval commission, who was confined in the same casemate (No. 2) in which I was. He was charged with piracy on Lake Brie, and was kept in irons and forbidden to leave the casemate. With respect to the rulst and regulations of this fort, and the system of feeding the prisoners I have no words at my disposal sufficient to express my indignation; but I must say, in justice to the Tanker officers quartered there during my imprisonment, that from one and all-including even 'Old Burke,' the Commandant, himself-I received every courtesy; and this was not because I was a Britisher, for the disease of .Anglepbobia had assumed an epidemic form in the North. No discretion is allowed to these officers; they have but to catty out the orders received from Washington, and it is in their power to make themselves very obnoxious to those under their charge. But the explanation of their good conduct in this case is, I believe, that they were officers of the regular army of the United States, and not of the volunteer service: their regiment as the 10th Infantry. I conclude with my earnest prayer for a speedy exchange

0iu en

f *1

Vthnrea~ct to Captain Beall, who is mentioned by the writer of et

the above etter as one of his fellow-prisoners, it appears from the

New York papers of the 25th that he was put to death on Governor's

Island the previous day. He behaved with much fortitude, and protested against the execution of his sentence, declaring that what he had done was in the service of his country.
irtarus rdBL Book. (Tohn Camden Btteii,) The grimness

of American humour is conspicuous in the remark attributed to

President Lincoln when, not long after his election, he was afflicted

with smallpox or some similar disease; "now," said be, stretching

out his huge band, with a sardonic smile, "I shall be able to give

everybody something." American humour, moreover, is remarkable

for breadth, for exaggeration, for vulgarity, and for profanity.

The last characteristic is traced by Mr. Hotten, in the preface

to "Artemus Ward," to a very probable origin. He considers it to have resulted from the practice in which the Puritans indulged of mingling the sacred with the secular, the words of Scripture with the customs of common life. This comic profanity has spread (not in America only) from the pulpit to the exhibition-hall, the lecture-room, and the "funny" periodical. American humour, in the written or printed form, is further intensified (or not, as you please) by misspelling and by the substitution of numerals for certain words. This trick, whereby a quaint effect is gained, is not unfamiliar to Englishmen, but with Americans it seems to be indispensable. Fair samples of American humour of all kinds are to be found in II Artemus Ward.' "Artemus Ward" is, of course, a mere writing name, but he who has adopted it is a type of a large class of Americans, and his biography sketched in Mr. Hotten's preface, gives a graphic picture of the metiods adoptedby versatile Americana to secure the" almighty dollar." "Artemus" writes his "book "in the character of a wax-showman, a few specimens of his style will probably be found. amusing. On a certain occasion, during his travels with his show, he" got swampt in the exterior of New York State, one dark and stormy night," when he observed in the distance "the gleams of a taller candle." Thereupon he saya, "tiein a hornet's nest to my off hoss's tail, to kinder encourage him, I soon reached the place." The place turns out to be a settlement of Shakers, "the strangest religious sex," remarks Artenius, "I ever met." The Shakers appear to dress oddly, if Artetmis has any ground for saying "a solum I emals, lookin somewhat like a last year's bean-pole stuck into a long meal-bag, cum in and axed me was I athurst, said did I hunger," and for addressing Elder Uriah in the words, "If I may be so bold, kind Sir, what's the price of that pecooler kind of weskit you wear, incloodin faimmine?"

 he "religious exercises" are thus spoken of :-" The Shakers

axed *rne to go to their meetin, as they was to have

earvices that mornin; so I put on a. clean hUed rag and

went. The meetin house was as neat as a pin. The floor was white as chalk and smooth as glass. The Shakers was all on hand, in clean weskits and meal-bags, ranged on the floor like miling

Mcompanies, the mails on one side of the room and the females on

toer. They commenst olappin their hands said singin and dancin. They danced kinder slow at first; but as they got warmed up they shaved it down very brisk, I tell you. Elder tTriah, in partickler, exlilberted a right smart chance of spryness in his legs, considerin his time of life, and as he corn a dibble shuffle near where I sot I rewarded him with a approvin smile, and sod, 'Hunky, boy I Go it, my gay and feativ cuss I" Artemus falls in with the "noble savage" but he declares II Injins is plain, whar ever found," He continues :-" They sed I was their broiler, i waxtid for to smoke the Calomel of Peace with me. They then stole any jerks beef blan1dt, etsettery, skaipt my orgia grinder, and scooted with a Vila Hoop. Dunn the (leaf's techin speech he said he shoold meet me in the Happy Huntin Grounds. If he dun there will be a fite." He "pores 4th" his "indignashon" against Salt Lake City, and escnibes his interview with Mr. Brigham Young thus:-" My desire was to exhibit my grate show in Salt Lake City, so I called on Brigham Yung, the grate mogull among the mormins, and axed his permishun to pitch my tent and onlurl my banner to the jintle breezis He looks at me in a austere manner for a few minits, and sed, 'Do you blee've in Solomon, Saint Paul, the immaculateness of the Mornuin 2=t and the Latterday Bevelashuns?' Sez I, 'I'm on iii' I apint to git along plesunt, tho I didn't know what under the Son the old feller was diivin at. He aed I might show. 'You air a mannid. man, Mister Yung, I bleeve?' aez I, preparin to rite him sum free parsis. 'I hey eighty wives, Mister Ward. I seniinly ammarrid.' 'How doyoulfke it asfarasyou hey got?' sed I. He sed 'middlin'.' 'esides these wives you see here, Mister Ward,' said Yun, 'Ihay eighty more in vans parts of this consecrated land which air Scaled to me.' . . - His wives file amuxig thrselves so much that he has bUt a fitin room for share speahul benefit . . . Sumtimes they aboca hissell individocally. They hey pulled the most of his hair out by the roots. - . . When he got enywazecranky thay 'd abut him up in a dark closit, previsly whippin him arter the stile of muthera when there orfsprings gil onruiy" Mr. Ward is himself married, and his nervous courtship of Betsy Jane was brought to a close so delicately by the lady that her words deserve to be recorded -" I won't listen to your noncents no longer. Jes say rite strate out what you're drivin at If you mean gettin hitched, I'M IN I" Hitched, of course, is the same as "spliced." And so adieu to Mr. Artemus Ward and, his American humour.
DEFENCE OF CANADA.

PunLro questions involving a known. proportion of explosive elements turn up sometimes very inopportunely. One such, and an exceedingly delicate one, has just done so. The exposed, and, according to the opinion of some 'highly respectable authorities, the indefensible, position of Canada, in the event of war with the United States-which awful calamity may Heaven avert Iasks consideration at a very unfortunate time. It is a subject which the Government both in London and in Washington, and which the people of the United Kingdom and the people of the States, would have been glad to let remain on the shelf where it has been left unnoticed for a long course of years. Many and good reasons for avoiding, if it were possible, the discussion of it make themselves felt on both sides of the Atlantic. A turn of affairs, however, has unexpectedly thrust it upon public attention. Some practical decision in relation to it must be come to: and hence it is desirable to look it manfully in the face, to consider dispassionately its various bearings, and to do whatever sound statesmanship shall deem right to be done, in a frank, inoffensive, neighbourly spirit.

There are certain preliminaries which, we imagine, must be taken for granted. The first is, that this country would offer no obstacle to the assumption by Canada of formal, separate,

nor, indeed, to the annexation of herself to the American Republic, if, through her legitimate constitutional organs, she should declare her preference for a transference of her troth. The days are long gone by since England would have thought it concerned either her interests or her honour to retain, an unwilling colony. The second is, that so long as Canada wishes to preserve unbroken the tie which connects her with the British empire, England will not permit that tie to be severed by force from without. The leaders of political opinion of all parties have pronounced the opposite course incompatible with the maintenance of our national honour. The third is, that the mutual position of Canada and the United States is far different from what it was before the outbreak of the civil war. The Republic has become a formidable military Power, and, as such, inspires apprehensions which would have been groundless four years ago. In her present condition, Canada, apart from our protection, could offer no effectual resistance to an armed aggression by her neighbour; and therefore the ten our of her relations with the States would be mainly determined by the policy which the States' Government might think fit to adopt. With all the aid which England might afford her in case of a contest, her disadvantages would be many and serious. The

11

against the first brunt of a hostile invasion, seems an inevitable one. As against the military power developed by the neighbouring Republic, Canada is at present defenceless. If assailed, Canada is to be defended. How best may Canada be defended, on the understanding that England. is to stand by her whenever need. requires? This is the problem which is just now seeking solution.

Two plans are before the public. We shall not affect to strike a balance between their respective merits and demerits; this we prefer to leave to the judgment of our readers. All that we propose doing is to submit a general outline of each and to state, as clearly as we axe able the arguments by which each is supported.

Her Majesty's Government propose, on the basis of Colonel J'ervois's report, to put Quebec into a defensible condition by the erection of suitable fortifications, on the consent 'of thE Canadians to do the same for Montreal arid Toronto. Any attempt to hold the entire line of frontier would, it is assnmed owing to its great extent, overtask the strength of the colony and of the kingdom combined. It will not, therefore, be made The strategical arrangement which Ministers recommend, as at once feasible and likely to prove effective, is the choice of these more vulnerable points for the purpose of making them im
iJ)vading fuice hurled against Canada by the Unicd States would, in reitt of numbcr, greatly overmstch such military force re we might permanently station in the colony, as well us any militia which the colonists could themselves raise and maintain. All that can be done at present is to secure against fearful odds the smaller army until the whole military strength of the United Kingdom could be rendeed available. against the aggressor. These proposed strongholds would, it is said, answer the purpose. On the approach of a hostile army too formidable to be grappled with in the open country, every soldier in Canada would be placed behind stone wails, which 'would counterbalance the disparity of numbers. It would be hazardous for the assailants to overrun the province, leaving these garrisons unreduced in their rear. They would be cornpellet], therefore, to sit down before them, and formally besiege them-an operation which would probably consume some months. Meantime this country would pour into the colony whatever, amount of men it could command, and all the evil consequences of a surprise would thus be obviated..

The other plan of defence, originally sketched by Mr. Lowe in the recent debate in the Commons and since supported by the bnes, is as nearly as possible the opposite of that proposed by her Majesty's Ministers. It starts from the assumption that, should 'war unhappily break out between this kingdom and the Western Republic, Canada would be for the former the worst possible battle-field within the whole range of her choice. As a base of operations, it would lie at a most inconvenient distance from the source of her supplies, with which, moreover, direct communication would be open only sin months in the year; whereas, to' the enemy it would be always accessible, being close at hand for any amount of men, commissariat, and ammunition which his exigencies might demand. While it would drain our strength to the utmost, it would give opportunity to the United States to effect the greatest possible injury at. the least possible cost. It offers, for these reasons alone, precisely the ground upon which the Republic would wish the conflict to be waged, and it would be a grave strategical error for us to accept it. Our policy ahould rather consist in forcing, the foe to employ all his available forces in distant quarters, in fastening upon his most vital points, in putting him upon the defensive, and making him feel the largest share of the sacrifices and miseries inflited by the scourge of war.

The arguments by which this proposal is sustained, besides those which are obvious on the face of it, may be thus cursorily stated. It would enable us to 'withdraw at once the military force which we now maintain in the colony, which, it is alleged, is sufficiently large to engender illwill, but not powerlid enough to ensure safety. Modern artillery can speedily reduce the most solid fortifications, especially if isolated for several months together, as they would be in Canada, mad the proposed fortresses, instead of proving a temporary shelter for an inferior force, would serve rather as traps in which the pick of our troops would be shut up and taken. Besides, if 'e once fairly commit ourselves to the scheme of defending Canada by fortifying her frontier, and involve her in a share of the undertaking, we become pledged to go through with it at any cost, and however impolitic. The works which we erect will be useless until they are armed, and, when armed, will be worse than useless without adequate garrisons. 'The expenditure required for them will not only be immediate, but must continue, even though peace should remain unbroken, through many years, and always on an increasing scale. We shall be sure to sink an enormous amount of treasure, which, in the event of peace, will be sheer waste, and, in the event of war,

sill compel us to adopt a line of defence which, above all others, we should strive to avoid.
Such are the two strategical plans now before the country, The first is in accordance with traditional ideas; the last is in bold defiance of them, The soundness of either of them will be judged of according to the habits and standards of thought most in favour with those to whose choice they are submitted. Both of them have been framed with a-view to the most effectual defence of Canada, should Canada be assailed. But Canada is exposed to aggression by the American Republic alone, and the only conceivable motive for that aggression Ic a desire, through our province, to inflict a wound upon us. The pith of the alternative is, whether we shall cover our most vulnerable part with defensive armour, to be worn at all times, or whether we shall trust to our own weapon of offence, and to our skill in wielding it, whenever driven to do so, just how and where it will be most dreaded. Some would feel more safe under the first system, some under the last. Neither plan would afford a fair pretext for quarrel, nor, perhaps. would either present temptation. But it is urged on behalf of Mr. Lowe's suggestion that, while it would remove every possible excuse for attack, it would also convince America that, in ease of the attack being made by her, she must look for the return blow where it will most painfully tell home upon her,
-  AMERICA.

137 the Mcravian we have intelligence from New York to the morning of the 12th inst. The war news, which consists mostly of curnot rs,

¥ is confused, and in many cases contradictory. Sherman's movements are surrounded with mystery, all the reports respecting his' movements having proceeded from refugees, prisoners, or scouts. Sherman is reported to have, Occupied. Ohoran, and is also said to have defeated Cheatbamb corps, which was moving to the assistance of tardee. General Johnston is supposed to have attacked General Sherman in front, and is said to have been defeated. The locality of the battle is, however,: not given,

¥ Nothing was certainly, known of any Federal advance from

Wilmington; butt it was rumoured in Washington that General

Schofield had had an engagement in North Carolina. A body of

Federals, advancing from Newbern, was said to have arrived near Kingston, in North Carolina.

Admiral Dalilgreu has captured Fort White, George Town South Carolina, with fifteen guns. In making the attack, the Admiral's flagship was stink by a torpedo. .

Sheridan, after a long period of inaction, appears to have given a good account of himself. He met Early between Stanton and Charlottevifie, and routed the Confederates. In the engagement the Federals, who are said to have lost only ten men, took General Early's Staff, eighty-seven officers, 1100 soldiers, seven guns, and a large number of waggons.

Of the doings of General Gi'ant and of General Lee there are nothing

but rumours of the vaguest kind., Governor Vance had appealed to

 the people of North Carolina for provisions for General Lne' army, and was said to have declared that for some months General Lee's troops must depend on North Carolina and Virginia for support.

The Confederate Senate has passed, by a majority of one vote, a

bill for arming negroes. It was said that some negro soldtcr had

been seen confronting the Federal pickets.

The inauguration of President Lincoln and Vice-President Andrew Johnson passed off with the usual ceremonies. The President never appeared to so much advantage as on the solemn occasion of his resuming power, with general approval, for a new term; but it is not dilficult to gather, from the descriptions given in the New York papers and by the correspondents of English journals, that the Vice-President was drunk-be stammered out a few broken sentences in tipsy glorificaton of himsaif as a "plebeian," to the disgust and Bhame of sill who assisted at the ceremony. The New York journals stigmatise Mr. Johnaon'a conduct, and some recommend him to resign.

Mr. Lincoln has been officially informed of England's approval of the recent Canadian legislation regarding Southern refugees. The Canadian passport order has been rescinded, and it has also been. agreed not to increase the naval force on the lakes.

The Feicral Senate has confirmed President 'Lincoln's appbintment of Mr. M'Culloch to the secretaryship of the Treasury. The new Secretary has expressed his disapproval of issues of paper money, and his resolve to promote a return to specie payments.

Seventeen States have ratified the Constitutiontl amendment to

aLolish and prohibit slavery in the United States.

The celebration for the Union victories by land and sea, which was to have taken place in New York on the 4th of Match, but was postponed on account of the inclemency of the weather, took place on the fth inst.,, under circumstances of more than usual brilliancy and success. The display had rarely been equalled in New York. The people of the States of California, Nevada, anti Oregon also observed the day in in, enthusiastic manner.

The United States Consul at Matamoras had left, and arrived at

ew Orleans, the reason of his expulsion being the non-re og'itjoa f the Fiench and Mexican authorities in Mexico by the Unit-91 States, ¥  -

¥ On the 7th inst. 'an express-train from Washington for New York and pessegcr.train from Philadelphia for New York came Thto collision Nine persons were killed, and forty others received injuries..

-Nearly all the sufferers were soldiers, several of them being rota med

oxiers.

'
aa n.wena Ii. nawarus.

Chang. otherwise Sing-woo-bali, the great Chinese giant, is coming. it is time. We have had rather a surfeit of dwarfs lately; and, by way

a cLcige, it might be as well to try a course of monstrosities running large. When Captain Lemuel Utifliver was tired of Liliput he went to Brobdignag. Sins-woo-bali, is said to have been last seen abroad at Shanghais on the night of the last full moon, looking over a wail seven feet six inches high. He is to be accompanied. by a pianist, and a suite of Chinese servants, from the compraclor to the shoe-sole ehalker. CLang, alias Sing-woo-bah, will, doubtless draw. A giant, however, lalouxs wider this disadvantage, that, ieyond wearing a field marshal's uniform, selling photographs of himself and grinning in an idiotic manner, he is seldom able to do anything. Now a dwarf, as a rule, can be taught to sine, dance, recite, and attitudinise, and is often, as the Yankee showman called his kangaroo, "an amoozin' little cuss," and as full of tricks as a waggpnload of monkeys with their tails burnt off. I remember once, in New York, trying very hard to persuade P. T. Barnum to get up an ethnological tea-party and invite to meet the subscriber, the Irish and :French giants, the Nova Scotiaaa giantess, the Albino Family, Commodore Nutt, Minnie Wan-en, and the Wild Man of Telnientepec, all of whom were at that moment among the attractions of his marvellous museum on Broadway. The great showman did not disapprove of the idea, but he pointed out to me its impracticability. The dwarfs, he explained, were so very irritable, and the giants were such fools.

The which reminds me of a little anecdote of P. T. B., who is one

of the dryest humourists I ever met with, and "not half a bad

fellow," as fellows go. On board the river-steamers in the States they

feed you for a moderate outlay (seventy-five cents a meal) very sumptuously, but the portions supplied are usually of microscopic dimensions. Barnum had taken passage by one of these stately Noah's arks, say, from Albany to New York. He called, at tea-time, for a beefsteak. The negro brought him the usual little, shrivelled mite of broiled flesh, certainly not sufficient for more than two mouthfuls. Banium poised the morsel on his fork, scanned it critically, as though it were a sample of steak submitted to his inspection, and then returned it to the waiter, saying, "Yes; that's what I mean. Bring

ic some of it.' - -
F`on,.; memhrr should move for a return of the number of times th& "battle 01 the guns" ho been fought in the house this Session. Again this queshon has been raised with a kind of dismal humour faintly reminding one of the organized witticisms of his ballotapeeciks by Mr. Berkeley, and this as a sequitur to a severely accentuated palaver on English policy in the United States affairs, which Mr. Berkeley as a member of Parliament, independent in every possible sense of the term, whether applied to politics or to language, had a sale and harmless right to deliver. Probably the name of Peacocke will not convex any extraordinary notions of eminence in politics and influence in Parliament to the world in America, or the swelling talk and fussy bombast of the member for Maldon might have deserved and invoked a more pointed rebuke than was conveyed in the grim irony of Sir Henry Willou'hby, when, with a sarcastic smile on his lips, he conjured Mr. eacocke not to involve his country in a war with America. The Americans are so sensitive in their feelings towards England that they may even li roused by a voice from Little Pedlington; and therefore it behoves Mr. Peacocks to be cautious and moderate, conscious as he must be of the responsi

whickliss upon him. - - - - - - -
,a- em on U

'ouaccoArpxrlecs.-Mr.H. BrnurxLY called attention to the probability of a war with America, and urged that our harboure and doekyarda were in an almost defenceless condition,-Mr. Pesoocko and Mr. Bails followed in a similar strain, while Sir H. Willoughby and Mr. Porster uondeernot the use of irritating language towards the United States.-Lord ThJVrINCITOOt said our forte were armed with 110-pounder Armstrong and the old (38-pounder guns, which could resist the attack of a wooden fleet. As regarded iron. plated ships, our own ironelods could look after them, it it became necaisary to do so, and next year the Government hoped to be in a batter position for dceiding upon the gun to be adopted for general use.-Sfr le. SMITH said the plans for the fortification of Quebec and Montreal were very simple and very cemploto, but he must urge the Admiralty to piace a flotilla of gnu -boats on the Canadian lakeo.-After some further conversation tile subject dropped.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-THUSD'tY.

A5iEB1Ot.-ar1 RUSSELL laid upon the table of the bluuo a letter, with an inclosuro from Mr. Adams, the representative of the United States, declaring that he was commanded by the President to deliver a notice in the month of March of the desire of the Government of the United Slates that the reciproeii treaty between this country and the United Slates should terminate, ana that accordingly the treaty would terminate in twelve mouths from the date of the delivery of the notice. The inolocicre wise merely a vote of the Congress, and con centod to by the president, declaring that it was no longer to the interest of the United States that the treaty should be continued. The noble Earl said that the act of violence perpetrated by the so-called Ooiefederate States on the lakes completely justified the United Slates in. giving notice of the termination of the convention, for it was not to be expected that the United States would permit such acts of violence to be repeated, nor was it to be expected that the United States should submit passively to such acts of violence without means of retaliation. He entertained hopes, with regard to the reciprocity treaty, that a renewal of it could be arranged with modifications, which would be more advantageous to the United State, and which they might consider more just. to themselves. Mr. Adam., had Informed him of the result of the negotiations which ha',l token place between the President and the so-called Confederates. The noble Earl then expressed ci hope that when he should present to him a notice of the ttrmiuatioa of the reciprocity treaty he should find that the President and the Oovcrnment of the United State were ready to con ader

 proposition by which a smisil cind limited armament might be kept upon the lakes for the purpose of the police on both aides, and also of a renewal of this reciprocity treaty on terms which should be agreed to by both parties, and which might be negotiated during the twelve months which would cliipsis before the treaty would cease to be in operation. Of course, Mr. Attains did not offer to give any, assurance upon the subject, but the words which he need induced the noble Earl to trust that such would bs the case. He should be extremely sorry if anything should occur icr this country to bring about an opposite result. Ho therefore much regretted some expressions that had boon used and some speeches that bail been made tending to excite in the United States a disposition unfanourabla to this country. He believed that in this respect this country had behaved wrongfully to the United States, and had given them just cause to complain of the unfriendly spirit thown in this country towards them, Her Majesty's Government intended to pursue the same course with regard to the United States as heretofore. Anew Minister would loave London to-morrow t reprosuet her Majesty at Washington. The noble Earl concluded by paSsing a* encomium upon Lord Lyons, the Minister of the Past, and Sir Frederick Bruce, the Minister of the future. The noble Earl then took a review of the policy pursued by her Majesty's Government, towards America, and, maintained that the course they had adopted was the wise and pradaut cue. 'rIcer had appointed a new Minister from England to Washington, and had instructed him to carry out the same policy which Lord Lyons had followed with such satisfaction to both countries.

HOUSE OF OOMMONS.-TIXITRSDAY.

THE DEOhSSCES OP CAIIADL.

The Hence went into Committee of Supply, whose

The Marquis of HAP.TsedaTOc-i moved thevotc of £10,000 for the Oanadina defences, and entered into a 'most elaborate etotencont of our relations with Canada and the defenceless; state of the colony, He stated that the Oanad1an

 were quite prepared to bear their share of the expense of keeping those fonilficatiofla in an efficient condition.

Mr. BENT150CiK thought it was a useless expenditure, and capable of doing more harm than good; and he therefore moved that the sum of 40,000 be omitted from the votes, if we ehould lucre a war with the United States that sum would be totally inefficient for the defence of the Carcaslissi provinces. He objected to the vote in leCo,-bucanse it would be likely to draw on the evil which we evero anxious to avoid; anti to erect forts would be holding out a challenge to the Uuitsd Staten which they might he induced t

accept.

General Pieiee considered that Lnglond was bound to protect her colonies, and, witliregord to Canada, we must defend it with the whole strength of the country. lie would not go into the question of whother the grant was enough or not, but the value lie attached to it was, that it would convince the colony and America that we would protect Canada to the last.

Mr. BnTLEIC-JOIIN6TOEE objected to the smallncns of thu vole.

Major ARSON thought it would be impossible for us to hold Canada it the Americans thought proper toseize it; but there was no reason to suppose that any such attempt would ever be uiaelsi by the Americans.

Mr. ADOEuLEY gave his assent to the vote.

Lord Briny thought it would be necessary to form earthworlrs at certain.

points in Canada, by which an invading army must come, and by that means a comparatively small force would be able to hold at bay a numerically much stronger force. -

After a discussion, in which Mr. Watkin, Hi-. Haliburton, Mr. S. LaCevrQ

and Lord B. Montages took pert,

Mr. C. FOISTESC1JJt, on the part of the Government, admitted that they were bound to support the independence of the Canadians; but at the same time the Government felt that the colony ought to make some effort to defend itself,

Sir F. Sanvu expressed his opinion that Cnnnda could be defended.

Mr. Lows replied to the arguments that had been used in favour of

defending Canada. He denied that the Americm-s would in compelled to go by any particular route to invade Canada, because they could enter it by at least sour or five different points. The Americana hail now tho largest cony end the most experienced one in the world, and one that we could net oppose with any chance of success. We ought therefore to deal candidly with Canada, end let her know that, although she would find England a warm friend and ally, who would defend her to the utmost of her power, yet that she must be prepared to defend herself, for that we could not be Supposed to undertake a defence that would be perfectly hopeless. He deprecated the Cov'ernment of this country stirring up the Canadians to a defence that would be entirely hopeless. Nevertheless, he was not prepared to take upon himself the responsibility of refusing the vote. It was only a trifle, and the Government asked for it on its own responsibility, and he was

¥ willing to support the vote, although lie still entertained the same opinion that he had previously expressed.

Mr. Dosowdic supported the vote, because to refuse it would din-courage the Canadians at a most critical moment. He scouted the idea of Mr. Lowe that England should allow America quietly to take possession of Canada without a struggle because it was poesiblothat tlee defence Might not be successful. If it should happen that America should go to war with England, that war would be carried on in every pin-t, of the world, so as to make their victory as expensive and as difficult as possible. It was pro. gosterous to lay down a irhiciple that an extensive line of frontier in our own colonies should not be defended, for it was our duty to defend them to the last.
Sir P. fissita expressed his opinion that Canada could be defended.

Mr. Lows replied to the arguments that had been used in favour of dc-fending Canada. He denied that the Americana would ha compelled

i to go by any particular route to invade Canada, because they could enter it by at least four or five different points. The Americans had now the largest army and the most experienced one in the world, and one that we could not oppose with any chance of encases. We ought therefore to deal candidly with Canada, and let her know that, although she would find England a warn friend and ally, who would defend her to the utmost of her power, yet that she mast be prepared to defend herself, for that we could not be supposed to undertake a dofenno that would be perfectly hopeless. Ha deprecated the Cfoiernmsnt of this country stirring up the Canadians to a defence that would be entirely hopeless. Nevertheless, he was not prepared to take upon himself the responsibility of refusing the vote. It was only a trifle, and the Government asked for it on its own responsibility, and he was willing to support the vote, although ho still entertained the same opinion that he had previously expressed.

Mr. DISRAELI supported the vote, hcaaiaeo to refuse it would dis-courage the Canadians at a most critical moment. Ho scooted the idea of Mr. Lowe that England should allow America quietly to take possession of Canada without a struggle because it was possible that the defence might not be successful. If it should happen that America should go to war with England, that war would be carried on in every pent of the world, so as to make their victory as expensive and as difficult as possible. It was pro. pestereus to lay down a principle that an extensive iliac of frontier in our own colonies should net be defended, for It was our duty to defend them to the last.

 Mr. CAEDWELL said that ha had been informed by the American Qovenmeat that the notice for the termination of the Reciprocity Treaty would be withdrawn, and that the passport system would be abolished. He defended the policy of the Government, and contended that, if necessary, we could defend Canada.

Mr. Dnaeisv said there was no one In the country who would attempt effectually to defend Canada against the whole power of the United States. There was no safety for Canada in the event of a war between England and America but in the neutrality of that colony. The sans to be voted was not much for this conntry, but he objected to the vote on principle. It had been said that Canada was to bear the greatest; portion of the expenditure, but on what ground could she be asked to do It? There was no chance of a war between Canada need America, and if we were to go to war with America the battle-field would be Canada. On what ground, then, could we oak her to bear any portion of the expanses? He objected to thevote, not because it was throwing eomuch money away, but because it was Inaugurating a policy which we should be compelled to abandon or else that would lead to the separation of Canada from this country. He did not object to that colony separating itself from this country, but he did object to the severance taking place after a feeling of irritation. He charged the Opposition with being in collusion with the Government, and oaRed, upon the Reuse to take the matter out of the hands of the Executive Government and net force upon Canada a burden it could not long bear.

Lord PaelEJtsTo regretted he could not have the vote of the hon. gentleman, but it was clear that the vote met with the approval of tho large majority of the members of the House. This was not a Canadian but at

Imperial question, and he regretted that it should go forth to the world that there was a difference of opinion upon it. He denied that this defence wee propoerd from an anticipation of war, it was simply a matter of precaution, which every country with a large frontier adopted. He appealed to the hon.

member (Mr. Bentiucle) not to divide the Committee, as it would weaken the effect of the vote.

Mr. Bnsaa-aeecae expressed his willingness to withdraw his amandment, but the Committee would not allow him.

The Committee then divided, when the amendment was negatived by &

Majority of ill to 40.

The veto was tharefero agreed to.
-- On the 5th inst. messages were sent direct from New York'

to San Francisco, a distance of nearly four thousand miles; the largest length of wire ever worked over in one circuit. e wires worked well though it rained at several points on the line.

A Canadian journal states, on information which it has

reason to believe is correct, that the number of Canadians who have enlisted in the United States army since the beginning of the war is 41,000. Of the number 3.5,000 were French Canadians, no less than 14,000 of whom have died on the battle-field.
_____ -  - AMERICA.

We have intelligence from New York to the 19th ult.

President Davis had sent to the Confederate Congress a message in which he stated that further and more energetic legislation was required, as the country was environed with perils, and Richmond in greater danger than heretofore during the war. The militia laws. needed modification, end a suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act was almost indispensable. If the measures recommended by him. were adopted, and if the Congress and people co-operated, the South might enter upon the coming campaign with cheerful confidence in. the result. General Grant, the message said, had refused to meet General Lee in a conference for the purpose of negotiations for peace. The North would accept only abject and unconditional submission, end the South had no choice but to continue the contest to its final issue. With 2,000,000 dole, in coin the armies of Virginia and North Carolina could be supplied for the remainder of the year; and President Davis recommended measures for making all coin within the Confederacy available for the uses of the troops. He also recommended other measures for the re-plenishment of the Confederate Treasury, and for the impressment of provisions and stores. The Confederate Congress had subsequently adjourned; and it may be presumed that the bills required by President Davis had been passed. 11

General Lee, in an: order to the srmyoommanding an observance of the 10th of March (the day appointed by President Davis for a general fast) as a day of fasting and prayer, tells his soldiers that God had sorely chastened them; and speaks of the present time as one of trouble, contrasting it with the days when God delivered them from their enemies.

 The JamesRiver canal is being repaired, and President Davis has called upon the farmers to aid in the work. Vigorous efforts are being: made at Richmond to organise coloured troops, and all whites able to bear arms have been drnughted into the service. President Lincoln has made ispeech in which he declared that the Confederates would stand. out as long as they could draw upon the last blanch of their reeonroeu, and that he rejoiced to see the end so near.

General Sherman was gradually continuing his forward movement..

After occupying Chera'w he marched on Payettevillq, which he reached

and took possession of on the 12th tilt. General Hardee retreated before Sherman, keeping in his front at a moderate distance. General Sherman's advance was not altogether unopposed, for the Confederate cavalry under Hampton attacked ICilpatriok inflicting on him great loss and taking several hundred prisoners. According to the Federal account, Kilpatrick in his turn attacked Hampton, and recovered all he had lost. The river communication between Fayetteville and Wilmington had been opened, so that Sherman at the former place had a secure base.

While Sherman was thus marching through the centre of the Carolinas, General Schofield had made his way from Wilmington to Xinston In front of the latter place his advance seems to have been attacked by Brag, and to have suffered some loss in prisoners. Next day, however, Schofield's main body came up, and Bragg's further assaults were repulsed with great loss to him. Ha retreated on Kinaton and afterwards to Goldsborough. At Kinston he destroyed a ram and a large quantity of stores. The place was occupied by the Federels.

General Sheridan reports his arrival at Frederioksbuxg Railway, crossing the South Anna River on the 15th nit. He continued to damage the James River Canal to Goochland, whence he tuned northward and destroyed the bridges on both Annas. At Virginia Central Railway Bridge the Confederates attempted resistance, but were driven off, losing three cannon.

Mobile despatches of the 14th nit. state that the city was strongly menaced; twenty-one of the enemy's vessels were in sight. Great activity prevailed among the enemy in the Lower Bay. Maury recommends the inhabitants to prepare for an attack, and has ordered non-combatants to leave.

Baton Rouge despatches of the 9th report the Confederate General Forrest at Macon, Georgia, with 15,000 cavalry, to which he was daily receiving additions.

The Jersey Senate has rejected the constitutional amendment.

Gold, on the 18th nit., was quoted at New York at 1054.

The breaking-up of the ice on the Susquehanna and other rivers by sudden thaw has caused the inundation of the districts along their courses, end millions of dollars' worth of property is estimated to have been destroyed. The petroleum districts in Pennsylvania have been the greatest sufferers, and Oil City has been wholly submer"-ed.

Mr. James Gordon Beline

tt1 of the ,Z'ew Yor4 Heraid, has been offered, and has declined, the Preach mission. Mr. John Bigelow,

At go argC

in It  d'Affaires, has been appointed.

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

The Lower House of the Canadian Parliament has adopted, by a-.

majority of 09 to 85 votes, the address to the Queen praying for a -

confederation of the British North American Provinces.

The Canadian Government has proposed a vote of 1,000,000 dole. for the permanent defence of the country and 80,000 dols. for the expenses of the volunteers on the frontier,

The Finance police announces that the Government must

maintain the police and militia on the frontier so long as the war lasts, and fulfil then' obligations as good neighbours to the United States.
A Confederate ram, the Stonewall (late Olinda) is in great

straits cruising about the Spanish and Portuguese coast. The first we board of her was that she had put into Corunna for repairs, and that the Federal ships Niagara (frigate) end Sacramento (frigate) had taken up their stations outside the port. The Stonewall left last week; but, instead of a fight coming off, we have the following telegram from Lisbon, dated Monday :-" The Confcderate ram Stonewall has arrived here from Fsrrol, where she left the Federal warsteamers Niagara and Sacramento. The Portuguese authorities have ordered the Stonewall to leave the harbour, and have manned the forte." By a later telegram from Lisbon we learn that the Stonewall quitted the Tagua on Tuesday; and that the Federal cruisers, which had arrived that morning, attempted also to leave the Tagus before the expiration of the term of twenty-four hours required to elapse between the sailing of a vessel of one belligerent and the subsequent departure of an armed ship belonging to the other belligerent. The forts at Belem consequently opened lire on the Federal steamers, and a shot struck the Niagara on the poop and killed a seaman. Both the Niagara and the Sam-a

mto,

en it is added, then anchored. The Confederate ram Stonewall

was built at Bordeaux ostensibly for the Danish Government. She

is about 1100 tens burden, has a 12-foot prow, Is Iron-clad, and is armed with three gunsviz., a P00-pounder forward, and two 200.pounders nit. Her speed is about ten knots, end aheleas a crew of about eighty bends. The Niagara is of 4582 tone. She has a crew of 451) haea,Js. Her aru,s.mcnt consists of fifteen 200-pounders. The Sacramento's tonnage is 1307. the has a crew of about 180 hands. Her armament consists or two 12l-ronadera and eight i8ponndcre. The speed of tho Niagara and Sacramento is about twelve knots.
