A book which s entitled "The War in America 11 of course carries

with it a facile introduction to the reading public at this moment; anf we have to present to general notice a work so designated which has been V.' blished by Hamilton, Adams, and Co. for the autior, Colonel Tal. Shaffner, LL.D., of Kentucky, member of the Bar of the Supreme Court of the United States, F.11.G.S., F.R.A.S., he. It consists of an historical and political account of the Southern and Northern States, showing the origin and cause of the present Secession War. Colonel Shaffner is a native of Virginia, and he avows himself an advocate of the cause of the South. e does not claim for himself any special Impartiality of opinion, although he pledges himself to his facts, in the preparation of which he had in view those which bore mediately or immediately, on the civil war, and we think that it will be found that he has brought together many singular and certainly some most interesting details. As the author states himself that he has not been vei7 moderate in exposing what he terms the evil theories of American political abolitionism, and has not failed to denounce the political integrity of those whom he asserts to have produced secession, he must expect his work to be examined with caution, and his opinions to be weighed before they are accepted. It may be, as he states, that the irrepressible conflict between free and slave labour has been 'waged, not for the good of the slave, but for political power, and to effect a protective tariff; that¥ the white labour of the North has required a tariff, the slave labour of the South free trade; but) his readers, who will no doubt be many, must be excused if they do not take this on his ipse dieit. They will turn to his historical narrative, which, for the sake of the author's own argument, may be assumed to be accurate, and they 'will draw their own conclusions. One thing they all will be probably ready to admit, and that is, that the author has taken a very comprehensive view of his subject, and has shown no little labour and pains in tracing the history of the United Slates back to their origin. The sketch of the new States and territories of the Union, and the chapter on the climate of the United States, may be pointed to as amongst the earliest indications of the capabilities of the writer; and amidst a mass of matter admirably condensed into a moderate space, relating to the political iistory of the country, we may point to the chapter which treats of political parties in the States from 1789 to 1800. It is probable that we in England profess to understatid the case of the Northern States better than we do that of the South, and any information which tends to a large and impartial consideration of the question at issue is to be welcomed; and from this point of view, even if there were not others, we should be inclined to accept Colonel Shaffner's work.

 By an obvious sequence we come to the notice of a work just pub

lished by Chapman and Hall, called "Cotton: the Chemical, Geological,

and Meteorological Conditions Involved in its Successful Cultivation; with an Account of the Actual Condition and Practice of Culture in the Southern or Cotton States of North America" by Dr. John William Mallet; who, in addition to several honorary titles to distinction, is Fro. fessor of Chemistry in the University of Alabama, Analytic Chemist of the Geological Survey of that Slate, and Chemical Professor to the State School of Medicine, Mobile. For the publication of the work in its

Fresent form, however, M. Robert Mallet is responsible, When

I. John Mallet settled a few years since in Alabama as a chemical

professor, having every focihty for observation and experiment, he

submitted to a thorough investigation the chemistry of cotton and all those conditions upon which its successful growth and culture depend. When in England, about four years ago, he formally stated his views to the East India Company, and was provided with spicionena of the cotton-plant, root, fibre, seed, &c., and of the various soils and sub

=rocks from the cotton-growing districts of India. At the same

e procured from the Government of France a similar though more limited collection from Algeria and other French possessions, and, through the Cotton Supply Association of Manchester, others from Central and Southern Africa, as well as from Egypt. With such materials for comparison he carried on his investigations in the cotton growing States of America, and the volume before us is the first fruit of his labours, The substance of the book was Quxosmu4ioatcd to lbs
Royal Society, and has been printed in its "Proceedings." As it

seemed probable that the work in its entirety would nob be published in the Philosophical Transactions, the present editor, without consulting the wishes of the author, his son, communication with whom has been cut off by the war, took on himself to publish it in its preseut form. It must be understood that this is only a portion of the information which Dr. Mallet proposes to give to the world on this important subject, and that in a future volume the results of the researches which he is still pursuing will be continued or completed, and any such volume will contain his experience with regard to the requirements and effects of 'various manures, or dressings of the soil, indicated. by the chemistry of the plant, upon the production and quality of the fibre. The contents of the present volume will go far to point out how numerous and complex are the natural conditions which must combine to admit of the cultivation of cotton of good quality with advantage. The facts here stated must tend to correct a very prevalent mistake that cotton can be grown anywhere if there be but a tropical or a semitropical climate, the truth being that it is a plant as limited and circumscribed by conditions of growth and. seeding as the vine. Indeed, there is much here set down which goes to show conclusively that the surface of India that is well adapted, by soil, climate, ho., to the successful culture of thoroughly good cotton is extremely limited. Much, however, has been done in these pages to indicate what are the requirements by which such areas in India must be characterised sad chosen, and so failure of attempts at cotton cultivation in unsuitable

regions be avoided, and that which is by nature limited bst econo-mised. When it is considered how strong the current of opinion has been towards efforts for creating such a growth of cotton in India as will render this country practically independent of America, it is most desirable that a work like this should be circulated largely amongst, those whose interests are concerned or whose adventurous spirit has been aroused by the critinal condition of our cotton supply

....A C' *1,...L. 4
The last of the eons of Audubon, the great naturalist, has just

died in the United States. The widow of Ldubon still lives. She I nearly

ninety years of age. -------------------------------------------------------------

tr-r,

At the Court of Common Pleas in the United States an action

was brought against the American Telegraph Company for delaying the

flespateh of a telegram, by which a commercial firm lost the value of a mort-gage worth 13,451 dollars, or nearly £3000. The judgment of the Court was against the telegraph company, and they were east in damages to the full amount.

AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Cunard steamer Africa we are in receipt o

New York journals to the 29th alt.

naLLE3LEIIT OPERATIONS 000 BSA 1D LAND.

General Brneide has entered upon more of the coast of 1ort Carolina. Port Macon and the town of Beaufort have been occupied b the Federals. The town was evacuated before the Federals approaches. One account states that the steamer Nashville, which was lately ux Southampton harbour, was burnt to prevent it from falling into the hands of the invaders; another that it was only slightly Injured, an

in this state was captured.

Commodore Dupont is active on the eastern coast of Florida. He

has captured Fort Marion, at St. Augustine, which was eurrendere

without a struggle. The inhabitants of St. Augustine hoisted the

Federal flag immediately the place was evacuated by the Confederate officers.. The Commodore issued a proclamation very reassuring to the well-disposed portion of the inhabitants.

Owing to the censorship nothing is said of General M-Olellsn e movements by the American press. The Tomes special correspondent reports that the General is assembling an army at end around ForizesS Monroe of at least 85,000 of the brat infantry which the Federals have in the field, with upwards of 100 guns and 4000 cavalry. The navigation of the Potomac being no longer impeded by Confederate batteries

the movement of this force from Alexandria goes on with rapidity.

General Shields's division of General Banks's corpa¥d'ermie has beem attacked by the Confederate General Jackson at Winchester, the chief town of Frederick County, Virginia. The assailants numbered 15,000, the attacked 9000. The action lasted eight hours, and terminated in the defeat of the Confederates, with a loss of about 600 men. In their flight the Confederates threw away their muskets, of which more than 1000 have been found, end left two guns, caissons, and several
bnndre& prisoners, in the enemy's hands. On the following day the

retreating anny was pursued by General Banks, who telegraphe I

follows

March 25. 'lye miles beyond Strasburg.

The enemy are still in retreat, and our forces in hot pursuit, They have

abandoned W055005 along the road filled with dead and dying. The houses on

the route are found crowded with the wounded and dead.. The dwellings in

the towns adjacent to the battle-field of Sunday are also found filled with

'wounded. The inhabitants aided the rebel soldiers in carrying off their

'wounded during the day, and in burying them quickly as soon as dead. Our

artillery makes terrible havoc among the enemy in their flight, and the rout

bids fair to be one of the moat dreadful of the War.

Of the campaign in Tennessee we have nothing flew. The Con-federates are now said to have concentrated all army at Corinth, in

Mississippi. The Federal troops still mostly remain on board their trainsporte.

Island No, 10 holds out with obstinacy, the filing continuing slowly by day and night, at intervals of half an hour.

The Confederates obtained a decided victory at Port Craig, New Mexico, on the 21st of February. The Federal 1085 was 62 killed and 142 wounded. They also lost six guns and destroyed a large amount of property on abandoning Albuquerque.

ooicGIezss.

The Tax Bill is still in Committee undergoing alterations.

The Senate has been debating the bill for the compensated abolition

Slavery in the district of Columbia. The opposition to the measure takes the indirect form of advocating the co1omsatio in tropical lands of the liberated slaves. An amendment of this nature was thrown out only by the casting 'rote of the Speaker, Vice-President Hamlin, the division having resulted in a tie-19 against 19.

MSBLLUaOlJ8.

Mr. Yancey has not been captured, nor have three journals been

onpresaed by the War Department for the improper publication of

yjniotexy news, as has been reported. On the other hand, the rumour of

the death of the Confederate General Ben M'Cllocb at the battle of

Sugar Creek in Arkalisas,ia confirmed, as is that whicit announced that Commodore Buchanan, the Commander of the Merrimac, was seriously wounded. Re has since died, after having suffered amputation of the leg.

The import trade at New York is rapidly reviving, in spite o the

heavy tariff and other adverse circumstances.

" PO-BLA VERY RIOT IN CINCINNATI.

Mr. Wendell Phillips, the Abolitionist leader, attempted (Monday,

- March 24) to deliver a lecture at the Opera Rouse in Cincinnati, the

chief city of the Free State of Ohio. The subsequent proceedings we thus described in the New York journals:

Persons in the galleries then hissed, yelled, and threw eggs and stones at him, some hitting him. The biasing was kept up some time. 1fially, he made himself heard, and proceeded until something again objectionable was said, and again eggs were thrown, hitting him. He persevered, and a third time was heard, end a third time stoned and egged. The crowd now moved down stairs, or "Put him out!" Tar and feather him I" and giving groans for the "nigger Wendell Phillips." They proceeded down the middle aisle towards a stage, and were met by Phillips's Wends. Here a fight ensued amidst the greatest confusion, ladies screaming and crying, jumping on abaSes, and falling in all directions, During the fight Phillips was taken o the stage by his friends. The audience then moved oat. It is now ten o'clock, and the streets in the vicinity of the Opera House are crowded with excited people. They are unable to find Phillips.

During the last winter icebergs 200ft, in height were seen off

the coast of Maine, in the United States.

'i'i,,, /e, , '7Th,,,,, UXT,,,,. 7 1,,,,,St , 4-ha 17th M -
The Confederate ship Sophia, direct from Charleston, with a

=of cotton, tobacco, and ream, arrived at Liverpool on Monday, The

n. reports that when he left Charleston several other vessels were about

Q follow U example and rim the blockade.
An American journal states that the OO,OOO troops in the

Federal Army require per month 14,625,0001b. of pork, or 24,875,000ib. of fresh beef; 136,994 ban ele of floor: 48,730 bushels of beans or 1,050,000Ib. of rice; 1.,950,000lb. of :com, 2,892,00&b. c coffee, 195,000 gallons of vinegar, 12,449 bushels of salt, ,58o,u0oib. of potatoes, 1,170,000lb. of CaildIeS, 5n4 8,120,000lb, f
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

GENERAL BUMSIDE.

GRAPHIC Illustrations and a detailed account of the Federal expedition to Panilico Sound have appeared in this Journal from the pencil and pen of our Special Artist and Correspondent, who shared in the danger of that adventure, and the first page of our present Number bears a portrait of its gallant commander.

Ambrose Everett Buruside was born at Liberty, Union county, Indiana, on the 23rd of May, 1824. At the age of eighteen he was entered at West Point, and graduated fifteenth in a class of fortyseven members, i 1849. He was breveted Second Lieutenant in the 2nd Artillery, and was transferred the next year to the 3rd Artillery.

oining his regiment in Mexico, he marched in Patterson's column to the city of Mexico, where he remained till peace was declared. Returning to the North, he was stationed at Fort Adams, in Newport harbour. In 1849 he was attached as That Lieutenant to Captain Bragg's battery, and was engaged for three or four years in frontier service in New Mexico. In an engagement with the Apache Indians in August, 1850, near Los Vegas, Lieutenant Burnaide commanded a company of twenty-nine men, who killed eighteen Indians, took nine prisoners, and captured forty horses. For this action he was recommended for promotion. He afterwards served as Quartermaster to the Commission which surveyed the boundary line between the United States and Mexico. In 1851 he crossed the plains from the Gila River through the Indian territory,

b'Ttvdthi,"eg. twelve hundred miles in seventeen days, with an escort of

men, bringing despatches from Colonel Graham to the President. lieutenant Burnside was next stationed at Port Adams, and, while there he resigned his commission for the purpose of devoting his attention to the manufacture of a breech-loading ride of his own invention, and took up his residence at Bristol, B.L His new enterprise proving unfortunate he went to Chicago, and entered the - office of the Illinois Central Railroad Company as cashier of the land department, while George B. (now General) WCIellan was general superintendent, and afterwards vicepresident of the company. After holding the position of cashier for two years, Buraside was elected treasurer of the company, and removed to New York. While acting in this capacity, soon after the outbreak of the rebellion, he received a telegraphic despatch from Governor Sprague notifying him that the lab Rhode Island Regiment of one thousand men was raised, and asking him to take the command, In half an hour he left his office and was on his way to Providence. The regiment was one of the first which went to Waahinton, and took part in the engagement at Stone Bridge, Colonel Burnsid,e acting as Brigadier-General during that battle. His conduct on that occasion commended him to the attention of the authorities at Washington. and on the 6th of August he was appointed Brigadier-General of 'olunteer¿. General M'Ciellan, who knows his worth and military capacity, selected him to command the expedition to Panclico Sound, one of the most important expeditions projected since the commencement of the war, The Buraide expedition, by the latest accounts, was carrying out its plan 'very siicceeafelly, and had occupied Beaufort, 'which the nfederates evacuated on their advance, urevious]y blowing up Fort Macon and burning theNashville to hinderher falling into the hands of the Unionists.

 Our correspondent bore testimony to the indomitable energy and judgment shown by General Burnside in the trying circumstances to which he was subjected during the progress of the expedition; and he is corroborated by the Philadelphia Inquirer, which publishes the following' anecdotes of the General's conduct during the disastrous storm offlatteras:-"General Burnside was ubiquitous; he was everything-everywhere. With nothing to distinguish him but his yellow belt, in his blue shirk slouched hat, and high boots, he stood like a sea god in the bows of his light boat, sneaking every vessel, and asking aectionately about the welfare of the men. His master-mind lost nothing in this time of terror. Suddenly learning that the troops were auering for water he made the beach near Fort Clark, and, directing the work of the condenser there, he succeeded in preparing the sea water for drinking at the rate of three hundred gallons an hour, and the sun had scarcely set last Monday week when he had the ifeet supplied. At one time he was bogged to take some rest, but this he refused to do exclaiming) 'The contractors have ruined me, but God holds me in his aim, and all will yet bewail."

ADVANCE ON THE FIDEEALS ON OEETREYELLE.

On the 10th alt. the advance of the Federal forces on Centreville and

¥ lafansasas took place-the subject of the Blugraving on page 362 (from a sketch by our Special Artist" being the approach of the Union column to the abandoned Confederate works on Centreville heights. Beyond is seen the smoke from one of the numerous burning camps destroyed by the Secessionists on evacuating the positions. Many of the "guns" in the forte were dummies, being nothing more that huge painted logs placed there as substitutes for the guns which the lonfederatea had been gradually removing for the previous month. This town of Oentreville, at least the cluster of half.ruined shanties fiat compose it, is over the brow of the hill, and Manassas lies seven miles further on.

 FEDERAL CAVALRY ENTERmO MAöTASSAS ruiccvcocc DEPOT,

Our Special Artist has forwarded to us an Illustration, given on

page 366, of the Federal cavalry scouts entering the Ddpflt at Manassaa Juciction, on the 10th nit. The first- into Manasas was a party of cavalry scouting in advance of the Federal columns, The UPot was found to be on fire, all hinds of stores smouldering in heaps or lying strewed about in the greatest 'possible confusion. There were great numbers of muskets, pistols, and bowieknives-the latter with "Thnkee-slayŽr" engraved in large letters on the blades-all kinds of wearing apparel and officers' trunks, and military stores of every description. The station was surrounded by earthworks and fascme batteries. All the guns had been removed, except here and there one which had tumbled into a ditch. Here, as at Cntreville, there were some sham wooden cannons. Judging from the reckless sacce of stores at this place, the Confederates, during the latter part of their retreat, must have been panicstrioken.

THE AMERICAN IRON-CLAD VESSELS. THE Merrixnao was formerly the United States' frigate of that name, which was scuttled and sunk at the Norfolk Navy-yard at the commencement of the rebellion bythe officers of the Union Government to prevent her falling into the hands of the Confederates. She was built at

WATER LINE

----

__________ :1

--------------

1. 12 inches yellow pine. 4 inches osk

2, 4 inches oak  4. 4i-inch iron plate, 8 inches wide.

SECTIONAL VIEWS OF THE MEEBIIvjAc.

Charleston, in 1855, and was pierced for forty guns. After the Confederates took posadsaion of the yard she was raised and converted into a man-of-war for their own use. er hull was cut down to within three feet of her water-mark, and a bombproof house built on her gun. deck. She was also iron-plated, and her bow and stem steel-clad, with a projecting angle of iron for the purpose of piercing vessels. She has no masts, and there is nothing to be seen over her gundeck, with the exception of her pilot-house and smokestack. Her bombproof is three inches thick, and is made of wrought iron. Met armament consists of four 11-inch navy guns on each side, and two guns at the bow and stern. The Mernmac has been renamed the Virginia.

The turret or citadel of the Ericsson floating-battery Monitor) which

constitutes its only means of offence, thicknesses, of ha, each, of rolled iron

consists of a rolled plate-iron skeleton,

)D un. thick, to which are riveted two

plates. Outside of this again are' six

plates of rolled iron, all firmly bolted

together with nuts inside, so that if a

plate is started i can be at once tightened again. ,-The lower part of

wrought-han beams. These are planed

the gun-carriaea consist of solid

perfectly true, and are placed parallel SECTION OP THE arosrroals in the turret, both of th'e guns pointing

in the same direction. The ports through the side of the turret are only large enough to permit the muzzle of the gun to be thrust' through. Inside of them are wrought-iron pendulums, which close them against the enemy w soon as the gun recoils. A shellproof flat roof, of perforated pate iron, placed on forged beams, inserted six inches down the cylinder, covers the top. The sliding, hatch in this cover is perforated to give light, and for musketry fire in case the battery is boarded, A. Spur.wheel, Cfri. in diameter, moved by a double cylinder-engine (situated at the square marked in our plan), turns the turret, guns and all, a rod connected with the running gear of the engine enabling the runner to control the -aim. The height of the turret is 91t., audits diameter 2lft. 9irt
THE DIADEM RESCUING THE CREW OF THE

C. W. CONOB.

HER MAJESTY'S steam frigate Diadem left Bermuda on the 11th of

March, 1862, on her homeward voyage, and the day following a diemasted vessel was descried precisely in the frigate's track. The sky was lowering, with spitting rain; a fresh westerly breeze soon tended to bring the ship close upon the wreck, presenting six men standing upon a small deckhouse, holding on by ropes, and in feebleness welcoming the stranger with hats in hand. The sea made a complete breach over her deck, which was almost completely submerged. A boat was

gq

ckly lowered, and in a very short time the shipwrecked crew were p aced on board the Diadem, to enjoy the comfort and attention which the ample resources of a British vessel of war could afford. The sequel is soon told. The vessel, which proved to be the C. W. Connor, had sailed, from Boston for St. J'ago de Cuba with a cargo of timber, brandy, potatoes, and "notions," and had proceeded prosperously until a very heavy gale of wind overtook the ill-fated ship, throwing her on her beamends; nothing was left but to cut away the masts, yet this was not accomplished until she filed with water. Owing to the buoyancy of her cargo she escaped sinking altogether. In this condition the crew, consisting of the master and five men, had remained for five days exposed to the roil of the Atlantic, with no other food than biscuit wetted with saltwater, and, what rain water they could lick from off the deckhouse upon which they stood. One man was washed overboard five times, and on each occasion was regained by his comrades in distress. The Diadem, in the course of her voyage, fell in with the American ship Annapolis, bound to the United States, to which the abandoned ship's crew were transferred, carrying with them a liberal subscription from the officers and ship's company, and the hearty wishes of all for their better fortune.
OUR AMERICAN BROTHERS. -

i any two nations in the world ought thoroughly: to under. stand and respect each other it is Great Britain and the United States of America. There is no natural, -and there ought to be no¥ political or social, cause of hostility or even of jealousy between them. Their material interests do not conflict or dash. They are so situated as regards climate and development that whatever the one cultivates or produces in the greatest superabundance the other has both the desire and the means of purchasing or exchanging. England wants cotton and breadstus, and America wants the loan of realised capital to make her roads and canals, and turn to remunerative account the prodigality of Nature, and thus they play, or ought to play, into each other's hands. It may farther be said that, were it not for the vast resources and all bat boundless territories of the United States, England might occupy a position in Europe more commensurate with her superficial extent in acres than with her moral and intellectual grandeur; and, on the other hand, it may be said with equal truth that were it not for the teeming population of our isles, spreading themselves in their restless cupidity, over the forests and prairies of the Western World. in search of the subsistence or the wealth denied them at home by paucity of space and the keenness of competition, he American Union might still be, as it was in the days of Washington and Franklin, a strip of

land upon the seaboard, with. the uncleared wilderness and the tomahawking savage behind it. England and the United St

are severally such formidable members of the great comiti Of

 civilised nations that no single- Power on the globe would be rash enough to force an unjust quarrel upon either. Were they as intimately united as their consanguinity and their commercial interdependence dictate that they, should be, they might be the arbiters of humanity and shape the course of ciwilisatiOn. The statesman and philosopher who dispassionately surveys them sees nothing that ought to disaeve them. They are the two most active, enterprising, and vigorous nations which the world has ever known. They carry on the largest trade and occupy the most commanding positions in both hemispheres. They speak the same language, they are fed upon the same traditions, they draw their maxims of conduct in this life and their hopes of eternal happiness in the next from the same Bible, and are,1n fact, but twin branches of the one prolific tree of liberty that first flourished as a 'sapling a thousand years ago in. our little island of Britain. Why, then, should there be any ill-feeling or antagonism between them? Why should the Americans be so extraordinarily sensitive to British criticism on their doings?

- And why should British opinion, seeing their sensitiveness,

strive so unwisely to provoke them by ill-timed and unfair comment? The explanation is to be found in their mutual

ignorance of each other's feelings and modes of thought. America does not understand England, and England does not understand America. Such is the fact, reason upon it as we may. Each nation is so engrossed with its own affairs, and exaggerates so unduly its own importance, in this great cosmopolitan age, that it has neither the time nor the disposition to study the events of the outlying world with the care that they demand; and both are so dazzled, or we might say dazed, by their own glory, that they do not look out into the clear daylight that lies beyond to take the true measurement of the great events that occur beyond the comparatively narrow boundaries of their own circle.

During the progress of the deplorable civil war, that now

seems drawing to a close, on the other side of the Atlantic, we

do not think that our American brothers have done full justice

either to the British people or their Government, We on this

side were naturally interested in the result of the struggle. It

not only appealed to our social and political sympathies, but it deeply affected our interests. The first impression was that the Southern people and their leaders were mad in their attempt to separate from the Union; and that the Worth would be able to reannex them in three months if they carried their threat of secession into effect, As time wore on this impression was weakened, and the opinion gained ground
that the South was more thoroughly in earnest than we in England had been led to believe; that the North was divided on the question of negru slavery; that the millions of the South, animated by one immutable purpose and by one all-engrossing desire, could not be subdued; and that if, contrary to expectation, they would ultimately be reduced to subjection by force of arms, the North would. have .a. greater difficulty, in afterwards discovering bow to deal with them-their peculiar inatitution and their eons utionalliberty-thaflit had in conquering them. But in all these opinions there was nothing that ought to have given the North offence. Such opinions may have been founded in error, but they did not take their rise either.in jealousy or malevolence, and ought to have been received in America with the respect which free men always accord to free opinion, even when it may chance to differ from their own. And. if the British people misinterpreted the sentiments of the Americans with regard either to slavery or secession, the Americans very palpably misinterpreted those of the British people and Government in the affair of the Trent. In their ignorance of the real state of the case, and altogether forgetful of the fact that the first move was made by an American officer, they accused the British nation of attempting to fix a quarrel upon them in the day when their whole energies were employed in the suppression of a gigantic rebellion against the unity of the Republic, than which nothing could be more opposite to the fact. Had there been a war 'between the two nations for the principle involved in the seizure of Messrs. Mason and Slidell, the British people would certainly have gone into it with a resolute, but just as certainly with a sorrowful, spirit; and, even:when fighting it, would have confessed that it was the most unnatural war in which they were ever engaged, and one to avert which they would have made any possible sacrifice short of their honour. If to other nations we yield little, to America we yield much-not because we fear, but because we love her; just as in the smaller world of society a man will endure from his brother what he would not suffer astranger aomuch as to hint at,  6

 We are glad, however, to observe signs that the clouds of this mutual misconception are clearing up. The Americans are forbearing to boast and taunt, and the English to carp and criticise; and, as a necessary consequence, there will grow up between them, as one result of the great rebellion, a better and truer appreciation of acts and motives on both sides, And although no student of contemporary history can fail to note that much acerbity of feeling has been din. played by Americans towards Great Britain, or that threats the reverse of decent or friendly have been used with reference to Canada aiid the British possessions, to take effect after the North and the South shall have made up their feud (if ever that is to be), it is clear when it comes to questions of facts that there is a kindly feeling towards England at the bottom of all this bitterness; that America does not care who has a bad opinion of her if England have a good one; and that, if our public writers and speakers would. adopt in their criticisms on American affairs a tone somewhat more kindly, the Americans would be glad to reciprocate the good feeling. Such a furore of gladness and delight as was displayed in New York when the submarine wires flashed from land to band under the waves of the Atlantic, their first and almost their only messages, could not have been exhibited by a eop1e who in their hearts hated. the country from which the messages came. And, more recently, such a hearty and imperial reception as was bestowed on the Prince of Wales when he visited. the cities of the Union could not have been given with such a spontaneity and exuberance of enthusiasm if the Americans, in spite of all that their newspapers may allege to the contrary, had. not really loved. and. respected the green old land where their forefathers were born, and whose language, literature, and laws they have inherited. Deeds like these neutralise the bad effects of a whole wilderness of hostile newspaper articles and buncombe
were bon, and whose language, literature, and laws they have

inherited. Deeds like these neutralise the bad effects of a whole wilderness of hostile newspaper articles and btmcombe speeches, and ought to be the real tests of national sentiment between two such communities,

The American civil war has already taught the British people to respect more than ever the high qualities of their Transatlantic brothers. It has proved that they are men who can do, as well as talk of doing; and that they are in all respects the gallant sons of worthy sires in whom the race has not degenerated. And if, at the Great International Exhibition, now so soon to open its doors to the products and to the representatives of the whole civilised world, the space reserved for the art and indnaty of the United States be left partially or wholly vacant, there is no true Englishman who will not deplore the fact and its causes, or form any other wish for the Americans than that their first civil war may be their last; that they may emerge from its sore trial purified. as well as chastened, and be-as they were before its outburst-a free, a happy, and a united people.
11kW l.U1U4&.LJ D ,JIA5AALC £OW!.L  y4uw

AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Montreal Company's steamer Nove Siotiau we

have news to the evening of the 5th inst.

BELLIGERENT 00MATIONS BY SEA AND LAND.

So rigd is the censorship exercised by the United States' Government -

over every channel of intelligence which may give the enemy any

thkiing of their movements that the soldiers of the army of the Potemac have been forbidden even to write home to their friends. Under these circumstances nothing more is known of their movements, ti an that the transportation of forces from Alexandria down S the Potomac continues. On the 26th nit, the Confederates were driver' from Warrenton Junction, ten miles beyond Manaasa5, and crowded steadily back until they were forced to cross the BappahanflOck towards G-ordontvifle. They blew up the railroad-bridge behind them to stop further pursuit. There are now believed to be no Confederates between the Federals and the Rappaharinock.

Fugitive negroes arriving at Fortress Monroe from Norfolk state

that the Merrhnac had been repaired and brought out of dry deck; that her crew had gone on board, and that she was now ready for action. Several new guns of heavier metal had been placed on board. The steamers Jamestown and Yorktown are being more thoroughly iron, clad at Richmond to accompany the Merrimac on her neat adventure.

From the coast of North Carolina there is nothing new. Pro,u

Georgia we learn that the Confederates have withdrawn all their forces from the coast and taken all their guns to Savannah; and that Fort Pulaski, at the mouth of the Savannah River, has been closely invested by the Federals. The Confederates have sunk the celebrated yacht America in St. John's River, Florida.

 A portion of General Banks's force had arrived at Manassas alter a

tedious march from Winchester. During their march they en-countered no portion of the Confederate for.,.

There is nothing new from Tennessee. The Federals occupy the line of the Tennessee River as fax south as , Eastport as Mississippi. The Confederate line of defence has for its base the Charleston and Memphis Railroad, and extends from Chattanooga, as Tennessee, to Corinth and Memphis. Beauregard is in command of this department. His head-quarters are at Corinth. A Federal correspondent writes:-" In two days last week our scouts saw fifteen

-

trains, laden with soldiers, enter the town. Many of their troop3 are supposed to be raw militia, half armed and unorganised, that have been gathered by the recent levies; but the numbers are becoming formidable: 60,000 is the lowest figure to which the official information will reduce them."

The siege of Island No. 10 had continued without any important change. The mortars fire every half hour but elicit no response.

In Arkansas the army under General burble had fallen back as fax

as Cross Timber Hollows, on account of a scarcity of forage where

they were previously stationed. The Confederates under Price and.

Van Dora had retreated entirely across the Boston Mountains, and

were at Van Btueu and Fort Smith, receiving supplies by way of the

Arksnraa River.

It seems that, notwithstanding the statements to the contrary published by the authoiity of the Federal Censor, the Nashville escaped from Beaufort, her superior speed enabling her to escape from the two. vessels set to watch her. Secretary Welles is much blamed for this result.

There is no news from New Orleans, where an attack had been daily anticipated for the past fortnight, Major-General Lovell bad proclaimed martial law there.

THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

In the Richmond Congress, on the 12th ult., a joint resolution,,

advising planters to abstain from planting cotton and tobacco this year and devote themselves exclusively to the production of grain and provisions, was defeated by a majority of 3; the vote being, Yeas, 8; Nays, 11.

A member bad introduced a resolution advising the Executive to withdraw the Commissioners from England and abandon furtherattempts to obtain British recognition.

In rep1y to a communication from General Johnson, the loyal but intruded Governor of Tennessee, requiring the municipal office)a of Nashville to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, the city officials replied

We respectfully ask to be excused from taking the oath sent us, honestly believing that under the Constitution and the Charter we are not properly subject to such requirement, and believing that the same was made of us under a misapprehension of what was required of no heretofore,"

THE FEDERAL OONGRBSS.

The Senate has passed the resolution to co-operate with States do

siring to emancipate slaves by a vote of 32 to 10. The minority weremainly senators from the Border States. The Senate has also passed the bill for the abolition of slavery in the district of Columbia by 29 against 14 votes. A compensation averaging 300 dollars for each lave is to be paid to the slaveowners. 100,000 dollars is appropriated to aid the voluntary emigration of the emancipated slaves to Havti and Liberia. The number of slaves in the district i about 8000. This important measure has yet to pass through the House of Representatives.

The House of Representatives is discussing the provisions of the Tax

MISCELLANEOUS.

The War Department has ordered all farther recruiting for the

Fideral army to cease.

An arsxly cartridge msnufactoryexploded in Philadelphia on the 20th

ult., by which upwards of fifty persons of both sexes were either killed

or mangled.

nnyrayr-Snn,y1- &
