A)L3areA.

The British, Web, Rntsian $paniab, Pn*sian, Italian, and

cd Ministers have left Washington, acouinpanied by Mr. Sewa up en an ezeinnion to the Northern Ikes

lo movement of consequence has bees made by either of the befli

ertnts in Virginl& The Intense bent, under which existence is

bardy endurable, hse rendered military operatlonn all but impoesible. There bad been o eouMderalje change in the pc on of either army. General Lee's head-qasrtess are at Gr ona'iU', tLr tho main body of his army IAS on the tln of the Rspblan. Gr otimme to annoy time F'lera}. Who are e ioniv prepirb, tpel all the labs tnt5 cnialie of r-ir arms  the co -v e''-th of rht

Rapiahaomvk aitI ea.r of h Bhoˆ fldge. (c-oai ii t.: bold ntvmt of the me tal; çen fr: the impnth: t

Potontar. atd to be cb.athg  oem

and meat of (h Mekarmv. M'Je I::

kietm. I: i taw eb,i f of the i

General tenhr p isbel a ot

(itittr. 'emtriek. contradicting Generd ttieial ˆ,',:;"A the accuracy of Mtadea report of the enpgemneut on July 11 at Palling Waten. Cinrsl Feeler. with the iron-ea.l eteamer ngamnon awl one

other hd proceedol up the James River. in order t recroitre Fort Darling; but he was cenpel1el to retreat down the river when be was mthl seven miles below the fort-the exploelon of a teqeto having erknsly damaged one of hi- veends, and Rome of Me ultk'tn and men having been killed and wounded by a heavy fire from the berths.

From Cbaiieexon we learn that on the 7th Fort Suratar and the

batteries on Morris Island were engaged in keeping up a teerilk

bunbanhnent on the Federal pothtknt. General Gilmore had received reinforcements of 8U00 men. A combined land and nari attack was to be made on Charleston on the lath, which the Federals were

 ugtine 'sonid result in the capture of Forts Sumter and Wagner.

rblat Cuntnttng. The Confederates, however. were mk.lng West p rations to repel the attack. It is rumenred that the P14. pontmtkr Pareat gun. sent to Charleston to be need againat Fort hat overboard at Morris ld$4d.

A Ft .'era1 force had marched through Arbisas. and other forces

exe ieemnrlng to flew the western shore of the Miadadici of

C

cian4er Bell has eupereeded Admiral 'arar4 M the Gulf

nenus eaevril)a bands ate marauding throughout the Interior emiaties of Miesoarl

('rent excitement has been crested throagliout California by a cont*ntplattd rising of Eleceasiosiats, and an afft*y had oceun'4 at

In the northern pert of the State,between the Unit-1 &at

end Seseslonists. Outbreaks are also stated to have taken

in Santa ('1ra and Salano counties, north and south of ttt4fl

trermrisco. end. to meet any threatened emergency, the foerlfIcation

at tan Francisco are to be couuneneed immediately.

There were turnout's that the Confederate Governm*ml was aboat

to bepin arming negroes for service against the Federal armes.

The military appointments of President Davis have elicited stron; 1u*t*aesa from a portion of the Richmond prom and the

5ieiar roundly asserts that the Confederacy is weary of the

ap'tmit a anagement of Mr. Davis's Administration. It whls. bosaser,, that the spirit of resistance is as strong as ever.

The $ecretsoy of War has ordered Confederate prisoners to he wafted and held as bestagee for three nerocs captured an

stt*ieer Isaac Smith whom the Confederates refuc to exehsniz.

There has been a tart correspondence between., the Pnubl,'t the Govenor of New York-the latter ur.'itmmr mat the levy  ntd

fl&'r4*l till some a1leed inaqnailriei 4m)ul'I be r rthth. ke3:rnttuing to suspend it. The Jiclge Advocate of the Suite '

ha,1 made an oisI re cil*. ileelaritmg that the enrolme.a'

d n'emt liable to the conscription in cmv York hail been frtdtik'nt!

with the purpose of levying so tmdne ;m'tiott of erith

k4 the tjiikwhnt's the Demoeratic vot.a tori.mttl tnrit1

the tieititeency. One Mr. Bbeuer uomtmiittel pueid at ew oz

the draught. Rio Mends had jolted hue abont a. ammJ er" i

mete ini,,anjtv.

- le 1n Tismes, of the lth Inst., lives a Iju of folly-'m

lubt by them covanen on the previous day on pero'nms who h 1

ibtruth. ).fe4tofbem were nativesof trelaist. On tie 11th

wcrtty fatal ca of sunstroke were reported to the Corc r

New Yoml Xrumhttan, the v1'; coO'$Ondeflt at '4iW York. ftvA that from 110 to bi4) bad perished from this cause in one wk.

-' r. tolgwick, late chairman of the Congressional Naval Committee. pnhlithp4 a letter in reference to Mr. Lairs statements that he bed m'ked by the Federal Government to build ships of wnr. ick says a Mr. Howard, of New York. came to him in July, 1 RA and made proposals, as lie said, at the Instance of Mr. Lmurd. rs1errd to the Secretary of the lavy, who declined to etiteme win itOijiit its.  Mr. Howard Mays Mr. Ssmdgwick, was not an agsuii

e1 the Navy lkpnrtmerit.
"Mr goodness gracious me, Miss Ploy; you naughty, wicked child; if you don't shut your eyes and go to sleep this very moment I declare I will call in the goblins to eat you up I" So spoke the Nipper, strengthening her words by scratching at the door as a conscientious goblin might be expected to do under the circumstances. The passage might be added to the author's "American Notes," as an illustration of what the Nipper, Columbia, is always saying and doing to keep John Bull quiet. She is for ever trying to frighten us with some goblin, and this time she has got a very large one indeed. It is the great goblin of the North, whom we thought that certain exorcisms conducted by Lord Raglan and others had laid in the Blank Sea, but who, it seems,, is still rarapagious. In other words, America is to reunite, and, in alliance with Russia, is at once to declare war upon Prance and England. Mr. Cassius Clay has arranged the little matter for Mr. Brutus Lincoln, and the sooner we recall the fleet from the South the better.

As, of course, there can be no doubt of the existence of the arrangement, or of its entire and perfect success, And as France and England must succumb to the terrible Powers that are to league against them, it may be more profitable to consider how we shall get on wider the sway of our conquerors than to indulge in speculations upon the means of averting the double blow from the two eagles. We will, therefore, suppose the inevitable result. The combined English and French fleets have been annihilated by Admiral Wilkes (and Liberty), and Tçniion and Liverpool are strictly blockaded. The Duke of Cambridge is flyiig into Scotland, hotly pressed by the Irish and Negro legion under Hooker, and the Emperor of the French is sending petitions for peace to the victorious Mouravieff. Oar enemies are great, but merciful, and are inclined to grant us favourable terms, which are being arranged at Mr. Adams's house in. Portland-place. Under the circumstances, we have reason to be thankful.

Of course, we must pay the expenses of the war and settle handsome pensions upon the victorious Generals. All the Sebaatopol cannon must be collected from the English and French cities, whose municipal officers will be charged with the execution of that decree. As the Guards' Monument in Pall. mail speaks of Russian valour and English blundering it maybe allowed to stand, with, an. amended inscription inserted without Mr. Bell's permission. We shall have to surrender the Warrior azidBlaek Prince and all the Chelsea steam-boats, and-to enter into treaty not to have more than three steamers at a time in Southampton Water, Liverpool will be held to have been sufficiency punished by "a soldier's quarter of an hour" allowed while the capitulation is being signecuin St. George's Hall. 'A more severe lessonwill bereadupon the Olyde, and Glasgow will be given up to its Irish inhabitants, who will avenge a long series of atoci ties sustained at the hands of Provosts and Bailies with tyrannic

s notions about order and property. The shipbttilders who are suspected of having worked for the Confederates will be suspended from the St. Bollox stalk. Birmingham. has been impartial, and has supplied arms to anybody who could pay for them, and. may be let o with the demolition of the

s Townbafl; but we tremble to think what will happen to Mr.

John Brown, of Sheffield, who forged the shields for the iron. dads. There was a John Brown in America.-but the pro. spective historian gladly drops a painful theme. The British Lion's tail will be definitely and eectively cut off, and he will .e walk about a melancholy proof of the folly of provoking the

hunters of the West.

But France cannot expect the levity which will be shown to

us by those who speak the language of Shakspeare, more or
less. America has always had a great admiration for Paris

sentiment must now give way to justice, and France must maim

her own peace with Russia. Paris, as the Russian F Minister has lately been good enough to inform her, is the f and hotbed of insurrection and. conspiracy-_.jtjst as a cera person stated London to be when a certain re bill was wanted a few years ago. Therefore, P*r must make no more Polands. Half a dozen towns be garrisoned permanently (i\ la Rome) by Russian soia and our cousin the Prince must evacuate his peace in favour of a military representative of Russia. Thm measures, the cession of a province or two, and the ej of all the Poles in Prance, may, perhaps, satisfy the justice. Holy Enalia. Nothing will then remain to be earea for i the "Te Deum" and the fireworks, and a history of the wart to be written in fifteen volumes by an American author to compile despatches.

It is well to hope for the best and. to be prepared worst. It is open to everybody to hope that these reatJis ma not arrive; but it is well that we should all be ready them. To be sure, it may be-that is to sty, the ti,, is just within the compass of possibility-that the

WAa

Nipper may be misinformed about her goblin, and that th, whole story of Mr. Clay and the Russian alliance may be a canard, or an effusion of the spite of the Irish convicts who misrepresent American feeling by the incessant maunfa lying and illiterate leading articles, in which the Irish traus~,Tt_ taint is as disagreeably manifest as the Irish notion of Ra, grammar. Perhaps Mr. Clay has not concluded this a1lisn,j Perhaps thousands of thoughtful and honest Americans won,.i as soon think of a league for putting down gas in favour of and printing in favour of manuscript, as of a league between. Russia and America for putting down England. Perhaps there are niyriads in America who recognise the loyalty and uprightness with which England has acted in a !nst difficult crisis and in presence of the heaviest temptation not t be neutral, and who believe in the assurances of the respectable part of the British press that the war is a source of the deepest grief to us, and that we would instantly mediate if we could be permitted so to do. And it may be that the Emperor of Russia, who is emancipating Russians and subduing Poles, may hare enough on his hands, and may, moreover, be too righteous amas to desire a war with those who have neither injured nor offended him. But "what can be dubted may be true," and the Nipper may have held out no vain threat. The goblin maybe at the dear, and it may be no imitative scratch that we hear. To be sur he has just now been particularly eager to assure us that we are making a mistake in supposing that he has increased his navy; but then this, again, may be a profound ruse, intended to throw us off our guard until he shall be ready to avenge Bomarsund at Portsmouth. In any case, it is very kind of the American journalists to let us know our danger; and if the Americans themselves laugh as heartily at the allegation as we do, and as we think they will do, the success of the fiction will be complete.
ILLUSTRATIONS O THE WAR m AMERICA.

Taut country for forty miles round Vlclcsburg is eoverd with mall sac mpments of women and children who ban been driven from thcr homes by *'edatory bands of Northern soldiers. Ladies who

have beset reared a luxury are now reduced to the diacontferu and

hardahipe of a blvonac which thez bear uncomplainingly, being

wiring to stiffer In a. cause for which their ha banJs lovers, and

brothers sre1l$tin*r. With nothing but a few tmriL of canvas to

jottthern btrn the frequent thunderstrn L1 Lan' in terrific

nçpñf5cextce at thit season of the year over  ty support

with dignity their heavy triaL 4. cavdry jr h': r:g5 into

the camp with letters, and has given s i: tO itto cit tStr3t<4t.

During the Investment o .doc- eon:cuctaieotion

between the carSon and the Canfed:: I :ac- c'cLL nm- pat a stop to. Still there were bold aiticitg to brave the danger of psintr thc nencv'- icx anti cho $nccb I semi you has. for it' ttbjt n . it r:na cf ttc:c kbrt It bail been ri±çorced to Gencrid .Toltren .-:'rccips. it: tho bvioagttered city were beeino:n4 :0 ru:c,L-ct t.f ci;. :Le fts.4ncittaaaanhsOf theenemy, uoa th.c tnt:: o I -.nr:ate-i a c4'ctitn:otrs fire from the pc-c-icr. ts L:th lta.t ::cc:At roncbJ tL nook. Volunteers were nrrntdiati4v cdtci tc-to c-.rc-a ii: a freali supply; and of the first

C :.of them was either captured or t!iot. $oLt:cty2tt & sneceeded in getting into

I t&tVfl Cr12 rctrr:;g Oisdt camps; and of the party

i:'tflitt at ccv .tCl. \icr fortunate enough to evade the 'caL' g-4arclc. II accompanied them seine distance ci: t(a. nri ra In enter the canines and gorges at the outer

tote: Ir.O . Ibis wseata point sometwelvemile from

:yon the ground in thecslni,quiet night, l

cc ant di :tctty nero snands of musketry between the loud booming of the moctars. Probably, a sortie was taking place, the Confederates
having made one or two at that time which were brilliantly sue

ct€fuL These scouts lay in the woods during the day, and when night cane they crept on their hands and knees through suecessire lines of the enenlys pickets, choosing the roughest paths and taking advantage of the ravines. In my drawing a group of Yankees are seen on the embankment on the right, litening to a sound which they cannot explain, while thee wn are iii-tnrhng them are crawling along in the dense shadows, avoi ling v&rv gleam of moonlight, and prepared at any moment to use the revolver or the knife.
AMERICA.

- By the latest news we learn that the Federals were pithing t!,. siege of Charleston with great pertinacity, and that the continn

bombardment was telling against Fort Sumter. There was a doulnja} report that this fort had been captured, but otherwise the state of matters at Charleston was unchanged.

General Lee is organizing a large reserve force, and General Meala

*rep7g to receive an attack of the Confederate General.

V -Phra _ correspondent of the Tri&une writes on the 114th ult. th2: information received directly from Richmond, corroborated by the statements of deserters and exchanged prisoners, shows that General Lee is preparing to invade Maryland, and that the Secession it of that State will aid him with all men, money, and provisions that they can provide. He adds, General Lee has for some time past been secretly organizing a reserve of 40,000 men, who are to be stati

at Winchester or some other point in the Shenandoah Valley.

Eight hundred guerrillas, under Qnaotrell, have crossed the Miontj River, captured Laurence, Kansas, burning and destroying property to the estimated value of 2,000,000 dols. Senator Lane is supposed to have been captured. The Federal troops have started in pursuit.

It is reported from New Orleans, under date of the 10th alt., that

the Federal General Andrews had been defeated in an encounter with

the Confederates in the rear of Port Hudson. He lost 130 in killed

and missing, and two pieces of cannon.

Advices from New Orleans to the 11th, viii Memphis on the

17th ult.. state that yellow fever was prevalent in that city.

The Governor of Alabama has issued an address, enjoining the

impressment of negroes into the Confederate service.

Mr. Davidson, a member of the North Carolina Legislature, has

written a letter to the Raleigh Standard, saying he believes four fifths

of the people of North Carolina demand peace upon any terms whith

will not enslave and degrade them. They may prefer Southern inde

pendence, but that they now believe cannot be obtained, nor do they

see much future hope of it. They would compromise upon an

amendment to the continuation and perpetuation of slavery in the

States. He urges the people to elect members to the next Southern

Congress who favour a six months' armistice, and submission of disputed matters to a Convention of Delegates from the Northern ani Southern States, elected by the people themselves.

The New York Times contains an article attacking England and lauding Russia. It says-" We are bewildered at England's treaehey. which has subsided into a fixed, unchangeable policy. There can be no oblivion of the past. Henceforth America will recognise no tie to England." The New York Tines accepts these new relations and says-" It will go hard with America but England shall have enough of these relations before America has finished."

The draught continues in New York, in the presence of M( Y) troops, without any disturbance. Mayor Opdyke has called a meeting of the Common Council to act upon the amendment he has to propos to the municipal appropriation for draughted men. General Dm hal issued awell-tiined address to the people entreating them to Maintain order. The City Council had voted a sane of 11,000,000 dols. to prosrie substitutes for the conscripts to be draughted from the city.

The ship Anglo-Saxon from Liverpool to New York, was burned by the Confederate steamer Florida thirty miles west of 1inede. The crew were taken off and subsequently landed by tii I Al Brest.
A3IERIOA.

'J'HJ 1)s.STRUcTION OF roar aUMTER.

Fort Sumter, the seizure of which by the Southerners 53 Original declaration of war, while its possession by them 3 principal defence of Charleston helped to keep open t}s* n channel of external support, has succumbed to the enormoUS L5 ments brought to bear against it. Southern accounts its resistance was over, and that the moment at which its rUISS fall into the hands of the enemy was only a question of time.

After an ineermmt bombardment of six clays-from the '

23rd of August-Fart Sumter was reduced to ruins. Its gva US

all disabled, and the Federal shot made a clean Sweep o the P'

Colonel Rhett, who cornsnanded the fort, was ordered hOsr sa

hold it to the last. On the 22nd General Gilmore &M3& surrender of the fort and Morris Island, threatening to Charleston if his demand were not complied With. General replied that General Gilmore was guilty of a violation of the 1sv 5 war, and promised retaliation. The next day, how" Gilinore gave notice to non-combatants to leave the town; an-i Oi 24th fire was opened upon it, several shots tilled with Get c taking effect. The foreign Consuls protested that time eOO not been allowed for the removal of non-combats, *ti$l (' Beauregard asked for a truce of forty hours. G*sXtUed Gillnore by redemandiug the surrender of the forts.

The Federal fleet was, according to the latest UCOOtItlt P5ePar1 ' move up the harbour.

General Gilmore officially reports, on the 24th tilt., the

demolition of Fort Sumter, after seven days' bomba mt,, i

shapeless and haruilcas mass of ruins. 'A loap fire,

L would make it a greater mass of nuns, but scarcely mere

far the defence of Charleston Harbour. It is unnac7 to., to fire on the ruins. I have established batteries an m i effective range of the heart of Charleston, and opened after giving General Beauregail due notice. My I* Charleston, and General Beauregard designates them destruetiv missiles ever used in war."

The batteries which destroyed Fort Sumter were loc5tod

-, var-ing between 3:100 and 4200 yards, and remain as e

I'orts Moultrie, Groig, and Tohnston, and the battet10U

Island, kept up a steady fire on the Federal, On MOIFiS Isix

hittlediunage.

Daring the bombardment on the 18th a shot from

broke a piece of the interior lining of the ironclad

struck the heads of Commander Rogera and ' killing them instantly. I

The Richmond Examiner says.-'If the Fede&

whole of Morris Island they might close C riuston As j but it would not enable them to take the city, as Gene -

UM uiaintnin himself against any force sent, or against him." Two blockade runners entered Charleston on the 8rck The New York  News of Aug. 28, in cemmt

Me of the "Greek fire" in the siege of Charlo on,s&Y " -.

as an agent of destruction, it has no opal civilin0fl flil that tacit understanding among Christian nations btch 1 use of unnatural weapons, has refrained from its employ f" L~x the most bloody arid desperate campaigns. t has becti

Administration, which claims to he wagging ' 20 z' . Philanthropy, to conjure up this liquid demon a a 1t.

) ally I *or

purpose of extermination." It adds If a fleet of anpear in New York harbour, arid at the midnight hour tieir deadly missiles, bursting with liquid and the heart of this metropolis, while standing amid the

S bcime arid gazing upon the crisped and burning bdl 0
children, we couW perhaps appreciate the avagsre of that atye

of

THE ARMIES IN VIROMA.

(knenil Lees army, estimated at 60,000 men, is around (uhn

case, General Lcergstreet holds and general enardina'

F"64 is  the fords of the Bappabanno.

There is acon1enble Confederate Infantry force at Poet Con way, between the Potomac a2=w harmock, who are

etjon. Colonel  a skirmish with them, bat was

cemselkd to fall back from his reconnaissance.

AletteT from the head-quarters of the army of the Potomac, dated Avg. ?1. Ores an account of the evtathn of a sword to General Mends y the Pennay1vvna Reserve Corps. The p entaticm was made by the o and men of the first dtvheon of the fifth oor

whisk was the division tong commanded by Gas asnvded by General Cm wlrwd.

A W ineton despa tth of the 27th nit. says p-" Advice from the

army of the'l'ntceaao state that while no oenth'e operations of a esamal tharae have taken pace daring the recent warm weath

I'be cavalry wader General Plea  has be= conatantiy an the

akzt. eeeatnt. reomnoitring, mad plchethr arid not a day lien pseeoi

wld has n added to the list of rthtl prisoners, and Some

ear"

of t1jese

are ci an important ebemofer. Our own and the rebel dct

en the Repahatmock below hold friendly nterconrae d*ily, but n of importance is obtained by these m. T

amen that. the heavy fighting is over for the ft. in

0TH ER WAR NEWS,

The advance of General Ro cranz's army apps before Clat

tazeogo on the I at nit, and opened fire upon the city, where Genesaj

Joe Johnston is cemmanding. having Superseded ien ilragj, who

 bad gone to Atalanta. The Confederates opened fire freen ametcen

ewna, which did little damage and were disabled by the Federaj am

tire F'ederals disabled two steamers moored at the wharf but were

unsuccessful in their attempt to destroy the pcmtoon-twiag oppoelte I

the City- The Confederate works pon the river are very etmcm, the parapets being fifteen feet wide. There are several water batteries on a level with the river. Two Confederate divions are at Chattanooga, and there is a large Confederate force in the neigh ocrhoof I I ieported that one of General Rcwencranzs divisions was advancing to assail the place in the rear, and that another had eat the cosraninal- C cation between the right and left wings of the Confederate army. a The guerrillas of the Confederate chief Quantrell have entirely destroyed Lawrence, Kansas. The attack was made at midnight, Fifty prominent citizens, inching the Mayor, were killed, it is said, be their houses, surrounded by their families. Over one hundred cithera ware wounded, and twenty-live negro recruits shot. Senator Lane escaped. Lawrence is r 'n  by New Rngland

emigrants, between whom their ntherm there wtre

t

4g antagonistic feelings. It is supposed that e Lawrence alas"M will lead to sanguinary border warfare. Quantreil's guerrillas me being hunted through the woods arid moranteina of the border of Missouri. large ntunbers of then have been killed and their horses dest roved. * A Federal expe&tiori has proceeded to Granada, Miedmippi, forcing the Confederates to destroy, a large anronrat of railroad stock.

A war-steamer, currying ten gnus, end defisertly hoisting the glish a

end Confederate flags, was stated to have run past the Pe1era1 cruisers

 isle Wllwi*gton, and no fewer than four war-atearwera were alleged to have entered that port within a short time. The 'ntamcr Croaxstadt Is

bat been captured off Wilmington, 0 The Fort Royal New &w4, of Aug. 27, has a P== stating f that the Confederate steamer livezalade, with a cargo ca and a hege number of p errgere, including a full compirna it of *mom in a new pirate craft at Nastan Us been lying several wadra in the Savannah River. On the night after she aattcmFted to rim out o the

and was soon ecei-hanled, and sunk ne..i Tl,cc Itland. TwentyWool hher pesuengern were Ca pturtd.

A doubtful report corees Km Nutthen below 9ekbnrg, to l}e Wed that Ltuor) Ln o Cfekxt Statre' vtt have bern

7i$exed .eze, be

TWO DRAUGHT fle NEW 0RR. be

The draught had terminated in New York and wa to commence in

on the 31st nit. The proceedina were conalueted with

nufcr quietneis. Many prominent citizens were among the bazrgked, including a son of Mayor Opdykc. The Mayor vetoed the

Vent of 3,000,000 dobi, for the victims of the draught. Nôtwith- *1

ing the action of the Mayor, the board of councilmen pledged w by a vote of 23 to I, to meet at the expiration of ten days ad p the measme over his veto. The .Vew York Horekl says the

were a military aspect. Soldiers, armed in the com$eteet manater,

bowed themselves in every quarter, and all the public mpsarss were

into camps for newly-arrived regiments, sent spsfly for

purpose of preserving order during be draught.

The ew Yok Board of Supervision has paand an ordinance elating 200,000 dole, to exempt from the èaegbt itnifosmned mIlitia,

lisanen, police, and beads of families. The Mayor has signed this

ance, which it is supposed will settle the diculty between the

aseticipality and the Mirror.

General Dlx has published correspondence to prove that be called sa * the Federal Government for troops to enforce the draught in con= of the delay of Governor Ileyrnour in replying to his app11na for the services of state troops.

&a excited meeting of drsnhted Germans has been held in Now

At which the conacriptron was denounced as a cruel and erganiaatirn were urged against its canth

The deiitioris of rnhetitwt for draughted uses

having berssu -

frequent ha the Petkcal army, as isocis3iyaanrwi that is all r eases the extreme penalty of martial Jaw will b adlnisered

The Aces Jerk zsaes urges the Government to psepen for a i with Francs, inch a war. It arto = 2g 1. - yw,ls rast cartels, less it wont dasge sand fecilth f It um irffaible, Th. y Yl'saer has little rbt that Napoleora he mate a et treaty President Davt* for *be cession of Teas, as the equivalent f i nitlon and mhtantini aid. The Ncie York Herald manes that troops now in New Yak will be sent to Vcr* Cmtzr.  -.

A few days before the ft-t-0 of the bat mall item New Ye- a

azroeanrg steam-best dientar occurred at Treksheg, The storm City of adbcn was being kudmal with asesetaities, arid had mm nearly her full tend, when * uegro carrying $ benni, let it fall, casielag an ln'taat erphrafon. 'the baot took arid the fire ccarenmrx to the mseunttj,, on board, wing'

to pieces. Out of 100 men on hoard, wdy f aa't -

A hurmk*n vldt the coast of the North States between the IJ3th

1--h-id of August. Among the disasters mpertai is the dorlug of the United ktut& hrg J1ainbringo bleb went down with a11 save cue =an,
TUB T)aArGHT IN xnw YORK.

The draught had terminated in New York and was to commence in brn on the 31st nit. The proceedings were eoulucted with aiferm quietness. Many prominent citizens were among the

anghtcd, Including a son of Mayor Opdyke. The Mayor vetoed the rant of O(X),OOo dois, for the victims of the draught. Notwith. tsadlng the action of the Mayor, the board of councilmen pledged huselvea, by a vote of 23 to I, to meet at the expiration of ten dny

ai pe the measure over his veto. The .Vew York HereW says the ity wore a military aspect. Soldiers, armed in the competest manner, hwed themeelysa in every quarter, and all the public squares were *aafcrmed into camps for newly-arrived regiments, scat speiaBy for pnx*e of preserving order during e draught.

The &w Y o& Board of Supervision has paes&I an t*dZnsace apo

sthsg 2OO,Oo dole, to exempt fmm the draught tmlfcrmed militia, esaeu, police, end beads of families. The 2ayor signed this

nance, which it is supposed will settle the diiflenity between the

sesicipality end the Maror.

General DIx has Published correspondence to prove that he called

itbe Federal Goverament for troops to enforce the draught in hir eon

of the delay of Goveruor Seymour in replying to PP sa for the servicceot State troops.

An mired meeting of dran?hted Germane has been held In New at which the cñpt w denounced a a cruel and measure, and organisa+j were urged against its con.

run ARMING THEIR YWROUL

L lew Yck of the 29th nit,, brought by the ifibernian, the Intelligence, of which the iatpartce can hardly be

Zeted if the announcementesident Jeerscm

!*, after a 00 sitatjon with the Governor, Of- the Ocaederate

baa raved to call out sad arm N,004 beeka, who are to be

eaazded by their freedom, and a grant of dfty aeres of land to each 10 at the end of the war. This intei1gence wa we are told, ede*I from Or3ufedarate papers received at Morsbead City.. %`-Mr zlooany may be the poepeet of the ioo~

I. tl& -- v-u

n O*thditto, of Iheir anparters. Come what

mat the South will never it. Rinhanond Eay fail,

SOmaybe b ttoathea, but the South ernst and shall be

A FROM EBZ0a f0 WfltGP&

r. cwanJ be, adab a eitlletai., dated Aug. 1*, to the

'Zed tti.te( CcanauJ In Eziropdescribing with great fttiners and

the mlitxy And naval operatiore of the present veer in In this letter be lihs endeevoured once more to dipul the eindiee with, as he says, he. c.ned Bulieh and French to sree in opinion that t efforts of tb Gerrarnent to the  an prv the jxgrirv 'f th Repnbiic ouid

be mceVTAU

," He narrated theenceessee olitalned by the Nurthu

__ August, l51, and alteita that no gTeza± progr  baa

by the Pedsyi arms in the Eer, but deeizre tii, In the joakie

't Square miles have been aubiugat:d by the Federal SflUS,

buy huurpt" port is leseg t or occupie%L while the

OW of the Mlaairalppl by the Federnis call; the

lost one third of their

SOd the het coneeript ion ordered by "the kaier of the

a- hiI0 a-tj ex1  the male population, will not prodnee

e than OQ to 95,000 m  The lleral armies are

ti*Xl*i n aumbs, and a draught of 800,000 men is ruWn while

a mervwhvo tVT ennenta take isce, arid about 70.000 nsgo n be organised, The North to abundantly supplied With pro.

foS end gores, end its h*ne are rosdily tüen at par. These facts * Con" are to rupress 41 in such a way as may be moat effeeovo

eravhice thca who seek a renewal of commercial prcrrty

leagh the r vation of peace in America that the quickest and

WSteu4 ney to gain that desired end is to withdraw support and

'ur from the fi-rurgenta, and to learn the adjustment of our

esde ctntrovere'ea exolusively wIth the people of the United

tshkv

XIaCZLLLNOt1B.

to the Fe&rsk is
THE FLORIDA AND HER COMMANDER.

L L.," writing from Brest. Aug. 31, furnishes the Time: with

some interesting details mepectizig the Florida and her commander.

After speaking of the excitement arid lively gossip which her presence

has created, "J.L"says

To-day the weather was most popitious, end early morning found us alongside the Florida. We sent our cards to Captain Maifltt, and were lnunedlately admitted on board, the Captain himself coming to the top of the companion to receive us. Directly Captain Me= understood that we were British subjects he invited us below into his little cabin, and when I told him that there were many people In England who regarded his career with great Interest, he entered very freely into a recital of his adventures. I will here subjoin a copy of some notes which Captain Haft subsequently banded to me relative to tle career of the Florida, promising, at the same time, a con-duration, which has not yet arrived. They are as follow:

-The Confederate States' steamer Florida, Commander J. N. MattThis steamer was built in Liverpool and sent to Nassau in April, 1562; was put in the Admiralty Court; cleared on the 6th of August, when her present

"r took charge, with some eighteen men, went to sea, =ether tender, and received guns, &c. On the 16th of August the yellow fever appeared on board, and Captain affl.ti had to perform surgeon's duty natil necessity forced I the vl thin Qsrdacss. There she lost nearly all her crew, her paymaster, and third engineer. She ran the blockade off Eavennah in and out, and on the I 4th of Septerober açeared off Mobile. The entire blockading fleet put after her. Captain Møffiin was brought up from a bed of sickness (yellow fever) to I take her In. For two hours arid fortyeight minutes she was under a close I Am AU the crew were sent below, and the officers only remained on deck, I for she had but eleven men on duty, arid her guns were not furnished with rammers, quotas, beds, or sights; in tact, she was almost helpless. Three I heavy abate struck her hull. One shell struck her amidships, and passed through, killing one man arid wounding seven. Her standing rigging was shot away, and some 1500 shrapnel-shot struck her hull and masts."

 01 the Captain himself, I may say that be is a slight, middle-aired, well-knit man, of about forty-two; a merry-looking man, with a reedy, determined, and 1 full of life and business; apparently the sort of man who is equally reedy for a fight or a jollification, arid whose preference for the letter would by no means Interfere with his creditable conduct of the former.

She plainly famished little state-room looked as businesa-likess a merchant's i office. The round table In the centre was strewn with Wake and innumerable manuscripts, and on the shelves were formidable-looking rowsof accountbooks, charts, &c I may observe of the cabin, as of every part of the Florida, a that none of it appears to have been built for ornament-ail for use. "You I see," said the Captain, pointing to the heaps of papers,lettera on files, account- e books, .1cc., which literally littered the table-" you see I have no sinecure of ft. flln my paymaster died rve had to be my own paymaster. There's a young man named Davis-no relation to our President-who does paymaster's duty, but he I not quite up to the work." Captain Maffitt forthwith began an animated recital of his career and adventures. He is I the- oldest officer on board. AU the officers were born in the Con- I federate States, and most of them were officers la the United States' navy I before the outbreak of the war. The oldest of the officers is not more than twenty-three. The men are more mixed. There are one hundred able seamen on board the Florida and about thirteen officers. Four fine fellows are from 1 the neighbourhood of Brent. Captain Matt says that be has hardly ever taken a Prim but what some of the crew of the prize have come forward to say, "Should like to serve with you, Sir.' Generally speaking, be has to refuse; but it be sees a very likely fellow he takes him on.

Captain Maffitt was a Lieutenant of the United States' navy before the i outbreak, sad In that capacity distinguished himself greatly. In 1858 he I commanded the brig Dolphin, when he captured the slaver Echo, with 400 sieves on board, and took her into Charleston. For this feat his health was i drunk at a public dinner at Liverpool; and It Is & curious fact for these who maintain that the civil war in America is founded upon the slave question I that the commander of this Important Confederate cruiser should be the very man who has distinguished himself actively against the slave trade. In 1855 Captain Mafflto commanded the United States' steamer i Crusader, arid captured four slavers, The Captain had a great deal to say about his successful feat at Mobile. In his opinion ft has been the greatest naval feat of modern times. He dwelt long and warmly upon the incidents of the affair, and pointed proudly to the marks of shrapnel, which are numerous i enough, upon the mute arid anoke-stanks. The Ploeldawea struck with three i heavy thota on that occasion, and one can tsily perceive In, the side of the ship where the miobief caused by the 11-inch shell has been repaired. The Florida made no endeavour to reply to the fire which abe received, the sea i running too high to admit of steady aim, and her small crew being too much I occupied In the management of the ship. The Captain showed us a water. I colour sketch (very well drawn, by one of the midshipmen) of the Florida i running the blockade. It would not have disgraced a professional artist.

 The only broadside which the Florida has fired In anger was against the Ericsson, an armed mercbantman, which she encountered some forty miles from New York. The Ericsson, a very large vessel, did not reply, but made the best of her way off, and succeeded in escaping. When they ventured within forty miles of New York they did not know that the arrival of the Tacony (one of their" outfits") bad put the Now Yorkers on their guard, and they I soon found that there were about seventy armed vessels out searching for i them, and so were glad to retreat. "We never seek a fight, said Captain I Maffitt, and we don't avoid one. You see, we've only two vessels against 1500, so we should stand a poor chance. Our object Is merely to destroy their commerce, sees to bring about a peace. We've taken altogether seventy-two i petrea, and eatbuste the value at about 15,CrQ 000 dole. The Yacob Bell alone was worth 2,100,000 dole." The Captain exhibIted a book, In which all the - w&e regularly entered arid .11 particulars relatbgtlieret He explained I that their mode of procedure was to burn arid destroy the property of the 1 Northern States wheasser they found it. tasked if they took gold and precious articles, and the reply was" F"retty quick, when We get them. The papers of the burnt prlze are all kept, and a valustlon is made before the destruction I of the vessel, In the expectation that, when peace is restored, the Confederate Government will make an appropriation of money equivalent to the claims of the captors, In consequence of this arrangement there is very little actual treasure on board the Florida, and the officers and crew are working mainly on the faith of the future Independence arid solvency of the Confederacy. "Any 'way" said Captain MaSt, "we have cost the Governmeat very Hale,

lIttl for we're lived on the enemy. Oh, yes; we've served them out beautifully.' In reply to some questions as to the method of capture, the Captain said, "We only make war with the United States' Government, and we respect little property. We treat prisoners of war with the greatest respect. Most of those whom we have captured have spoken well of us. To be sure we have met with some ungrateful rascals; but you meet with those all the world over. The last prize we took was the Anglo-Saxon, which we took In the English Channel the other day, in mid-channel, about sixty miles from Cork. She had coal on board, and we burnt her. The pilot was a saucy fellow, and

maintained that. he wee on big piloting-ground. He Insisted on being landed

in an English port, but we could not do that, I brought him end twentyfreTs nar hrn Ith Theet'i sod asnt them ta the iatk5, (i',,,,,i 'rC i.- -,'-.-
CAPWn XMtt was a Lieutenant of the United States' navy before the outbreak, sad in that. capacity distinguished himself greatly. In 1858 he Commanded the brig Dolphin, when he captured the slaver Bolo, with 400 slaves on board, and took her into Charleston. For this teat his health was drunk at a public dinner at Liverpool; and It Isacurious fact for those who maintain that the civil war In America is founded upon the slave question that the commander of this important Confederate aruler should be the very man who has distinguished himself actively against the slave trade. In 1858 Captain Ma,tt commanded the united States! steamer Crusader, and captured four slayers. The Captain had a great deal to say about his successful feat at Mobile. In his opinion it bas been the greatest naval feat of modern times. He dwelt tong and warmly upon the hacidento of the aaIr, and pointed proudly to the marks of ahmjmel, which are numerous enough., upon the masts and smoke.etscka. The Florida was struck with three heavy about on that 000seion, and out can easily perceive in the side of the ship where the mischief caused by the Il-inch shell has been repaired. The Florida made no endeavour to reply to the fire which she received, the sea running too high to admit of steady aim, and her small crew being too much occupied in the management of the ship. no Captain showed us a watercolour sketch (very well drawn, by one of the midshipman) of the Florida

 running the blockade. It would not have disgraced a professional artist.

The only broadside which the Florida has fired in anger was against the

Bricescu, an armed mercbantmau, which he encountered some forty miles from New York. The ErIcon, a very large vessel, did not reply, but made the best of her way off, and succeeded in escaping. When they ventured within forty miles of New York they did not know that, the arrival of the Tacony (One of their" outfits") had put the New Yorkers on their guard, and they soon found that there were about seventy armed vessels out searching for them, and so were glad to retreat. "We never seek a fight, said Captain Mafiuti, and we don't avoid out. You see, we've only two vessels against 1500, so we should etand a. poor chance. Our object is merely to destroy their commerce, ease to bring about a peace. We've taken altogether seventy-two prizes, and estimate the value at about 115,000,000 dols. The Jacob Bell alone was worth 2,100 =. The Captain exhibited a book, in 'which all the , uly entered and all particulars relathsgtheret He explained that theIr mode of proosdere was to burn and destroy the property of the Northern States wherever they found It. I asked if they took sold and precious articles, and the reply was" Pretty quick, when we get them. The papers of the burnt prim are all kept, and a valuation is made before the destruction of the vessel, in the expectation that, when peace is restored, the Confederate Government will make an appropriation of money equivalent to the claims of the esptora In consequence of this arrangement there is very little actual treasure on board the Florida, and the officers: and crew are working mainly on the faith of the future independence and solvency of the Confederacy. "Any way" said Captain Made, "we have cost the Government very ittt.l

for we've lived on the enemy. Oh, yes; were served them out beautIfully.'

In reply to some questions as to the method of capture, the Captain said, "We only make war with the United States' Government, and we respect little property. We treat prisoners of war with the greatest respect. Most of those whom we have captured have spoken well of us. To be sum we have met with some ungrateful rascals; but you meet with thoae all the world over. The last prize we took was the Anglo-Saxon, which we took in the English Channel the other day, in mid net, about sIxty miles from Cork. She had coal on board, and we burnt her. The pilot was a etucy fellow, and maintained that, he was on his piloting-ground. He Insisted on being landed in an English port, but we could not do that. I brought him and twenty. four men here (to West) and sent them to the English Consul. If the pilot has any just claim upon us It will be settled by the Confdorate Government That's not my buslness. My business Is to take care of the ship."

When the Florida came into Brest she had been at sea for eight months, without spending more than four entire days In port fore entering the port of Boast she had not been more than twentyfour hours In any one port, although she bad visited Nassau, Bermuda, Pernamboco, and Sierra (Brazil). "yakIndeed, Six I" said the Captain, "J45 days upon solid Junk 'without repairs or provision." During all this time hey have only lost fit1teen men,

Including those who were killed and wounded at Mobile, the paymaster (who

died of consemiptiot), and one odloar (who was accidentally drowned). They

have coma into Buet to repair the engines, which are somewhat out of order, the shaft being quite out of line. The Florida mounts only eight guns-six of the BIakeley patters, made at Low Moor, and etetn and bow

chasers.

On taking our leave I asked whether be expected to he Intercepted on lea'vlno

!949 same time t,) 13'w O()fllet, ba lm$' page WhI

and egress to and from the Bade. "Well" replied he,

seven or eight of them out there before big; but I am

eight blockades already, and It 'will go bazl but I will

run the ninth."
I Mr. George Peabody has endowed Yale College, United

4 $tatee, wf now geoeçcz eee* e o £2,m&

The B&n, wbk left Bouthampton on Thursday week with

tha, A-W- -64 to* Oak *G1 to to 1e York, eaeh eb wetbbg 40 R6 M.

- ------------- -- ' .

The Queen has appro'ved of Mr. J. H. Sherman RE Consul t Prfnce BI-Td Is-x1 far the tn Stetea of An 4 of M. Orajo ue BoutIfler ee C)onaiJ for the detzfo of ec the p!noee of lew Urimwfc, Nam &Otia, Prfxme Ed wd Ieem, ene NOwr=c? %md (w mw

t Geup Beef n) for ie Ma$eey the King of Iey.

c 1TiV . _
A1JiJiLU.h. WAR -NEWS.

The steamer City of London brings intelligence from 1'iew Yeth,

by telegraph to ('ape Race, to the evening of the 7th inst. - The siege of Charleston does not seem to have made much prcgrs. Fort Sumter had not surrendered, General Beauregard havisg determined to hold it by means of temporary fortifications. The bombardment of Charleston had not been continued, owing, pouRiiy to the breaking of the great Parrott gun. On the last day of Aiignst the Federal ironclads advanced without opposition from Forte &ucr and Wagner, and engaged Fort Monitrie. It was then thought that the fleet would be able to move up the harbour. A la telegram, however, informs us that on the let of September the monitors and ironclads withdrew from the attack. The Oonfederstst were remounting guns on Sumter. General Gilinore had pushed forward his trenches close to Fort Wagner and had carried the Csfederate rifle-pits on his left, ea. ttuing seventy prisoners. Gemall

&Beauregard officially states thw &ncral Gilmore's first demaW surrender of Fort Sumter and Morris Island was not eigs

consequently it was returned unanswered, notwithstanding WIXIth

General Gihuore in four hours afterwards threw shells into the elg

in the middle of the night, whilst the inhabitants were sleeping.

Gilmore has replied rather sarcastically to Beauregard's '1pr

against the bombardment without warning. He says it was to expect formal notice of an intention to throw shells ini a place which had been menaced by land and sea for two Y' and had for forty clays been the object of a direct and attack. The report that naphtha, or Greek fire, was used by tis Federal General is not confirmed by later accounts' nor is tinned in Beauregard's despatch complaining of d0 bombar1u without due notice.

 In Virginia there had been no movements of note; but the stes

an intended flank movement by General Leo was revived, awl it 'v ~A

reported that General Stuart had crossed into Maryland for aimG±r

raid. Confederate reports stated that the Federal General Averilihid

been defeated, with the loss of 151) prisoners and a gun, at Whi9&

Sulphur Springs, Virginia; whilst according to Federal desPathhe they were successful. The gunboats Satellite and Reliance, reemtl captured by the Confederates on the Itappahaunock, have been seth by Kilpatriek's iu'tillery. Seven deserters, mostly suhetitutes fos scripts, have been shot for desertion from Generm Meade's army.

A great expedition was preparing to leave New Orleans, and *

anneosed to be intended for Mobile.

there had been a good deal of fighting in Arkansas, w,ç4t*t

I a' dvantage on either side.

'~be"Confcderateg are said to occupy no part of East TIt

save the Chattanooga territory, and urnside on the one baud

Rosenctranz on time other were fast closing in upon them. BOen55

I was endeavouring to destroy the Georgia Railway.

The advance of General Steele's army has driven the Cocfe5W

i}0() strong, across the Bayou Metaire bridge in Iansas, lcillmng ash

wounding 100 and capturing 200. The Confederates burnt the beds"

The steamer Warrior has been captured north of Tortugas. TI

blockade-running schooner Alexander Cooper, from New YIk fcc

Port Royal, has been captured off New Fleet. oorrespon fsoni Key West to the 22nd of August gives iuIornmtiou of the esˆ several valuable prizes. The gun-boat Do Soto had recently eeke

i fine steamer called the Alice Vivian in the (kill. about 2) e.tci

east of Mobile, with 580 bales of cotton on board. She la" ai

1 captured the side-wheel steamer Crescent from Mo',ile. but last lrrn Bavannab, with an assorted cargo of merchandise. An EugIfSL schooner has also recently been brought in as a priza. 'rca ui Court is still without a presiding officer, and a large amount OP property is consequently awaiting adjudication.

'ran POLICY OF THE FEDERAL C,OYE

Th New York Republican State Convention has passed retolJt°

against separation and against foreign intervention,

support the Government in maintaining the ascendancy Ot.'

American Continent,, and approving the emancipation prOeSI-'

President Lincoln has addressed a letter to the oonvEiDt0fl hc he says lie does not believe that a compromise embiu< the

I tenanee of the Union is now possible. The strength of the

• is in it army, and the offer of terms by men within the range Ot

arniyis nothing, such men having no power to enforce a COMPi

An effective comiipromise must be made either with those CO' the Confederate army or with the people under its domthi0ck Nis

• intimation from the Confederate army, or from the men OA P11' in relation to a peace compromise has ever come to President knowledge or belief. 'If it does come, it shall not be rejected

I secret.' The President mentions that be suggested O01P°' 1 emancipation, but the people objected to taxation to buy ncgTOt I then continues -" The emancipation proclamation is 00nSritst If valid as a law, it cannot be retracted; if invalid, it Seeci," retraction, The war progresses as favourably since the IaSW O1. proclamation its before, Pent does not appear still, let us not be sanguine of a speedy, final tritun I sober, diligently applying oar means, never doubting

I give the rightful result.'

(IEZKIt.U. XIIWS.

The draught throughout the eastern and central

Amid, l)rOdUCo very few men. In New- York, it is 05tjm5, 11
w4 pW" o OO . A cam wa being tritl m the New York ao1* Conrt to tea the or tir.ity or u

ftw,e avow fr New York nnflGn that not only baa the diaht bts abandoned n Ohio, but in finale, and that It w Inferred Iwd3na will she be exempted, the oppedthre of the "hem btn U* pewerM for Mr. LinIna Go,  ret to eti with, In

she aboem of * anat army to exeedse the mm umtnd in elea

.1 tbeaie at*n in New York.

The Oonenor of Jantoeky, in his inaugural nddr. y' (nkelemte States Man" be remitted to a terxltoeW con kllon-211

- Lava to do is to zetmn to their fealty. He olecte to the wnh

tkket baa been eleeted in Vermont and California.

The New York, Boston, and lnde1pbs banks had agreed to

SM Federal trmaory bO,OOQOOO dole., to be repaid in Nomnber in

actor bearing five per rent interest.

TUm was a panic in the New York stock market on the ?nd antj

d inst., but it has anheded.

N ,et O)ftrm2t1On has been rnoelved of the report that Preriden; Je&raan Davis had henecl a proclaanation ordering WW acgroa to be .PAW and armed. But the Washington ecrrem1ent of the ) 4 pawn afemea to know that seeb a measure bad IM'

bern eoml4ed by the Cnkderate Gorerameet; that the C fedtrate disastersin the moth-weft General ?&aaneaM and she Governor of 1'} had urged its ad*km; and that a confe,tee of Gaveniora held at Biclimond It had been rmeved to call eat  MO nepea but to heap the renlve a secret until PrerIrt

kl*rana Davis a enm abonid actually be issued.

fr.aO*bay noteworthy statement is that an Ltvoy had been it by

the r.nft*ratea to Mexico to negotiate an alliance with that entntry at4 to tecupilm the Archduke Maximilian.

Ne. .1. l& F'oyd. one of the ablest authors of &euathesi, is dead.

ceonats bad reported his serione ilbaeae. together with that

of Ni. Ysnøy. Mr. flopi died of the eferte of typhus fever and

re 1ntdiwent forms..

a
Tire ee reading of the President of the United states is said to am" of two wall-thurabed and wellworn books which be keep. in his poets-° Joe Miller's Jests" and "Asops Fables" The mentioned is his particular favourite, as on all occasions of logical diicultyhe drawn his moralities from that source, to Illustrate or enforce an argument, or to turn a laugh against an opponent. It would be interesting to ktww whether he has ever studied the well-known fable of the ',Dog and the Shadow," so as to apply its teachings to the history of his own unha4lpy &tn natiou of Federal affairs. It he have done so, might not some useful reSeetlona suggest themselves to his

:MEW?

Like the dog of .Eaop, he is doubtless convinced that the shadow at which he grasps-the subjugation of a proud, sensitive,, ailant, and determined people, who ask nothing of him bst to be let alone, to work out their own destiny

I unimpeded IV the Interference of pragmatical philosophists

- and theodats, who would free tour millions of slaves and then

leave them to starve or be exterminated-is no shadow, but a eubatanc& rtilrsdow or Substahee, as events may determine, be and the American people have already lost in pursuit of it more then any nation ever lost before that was not overrun

s by a foreign to. and held in the iron grasp of a military conqueror.

° First and foremcat they bare lost the Otituticu-that;

complex, delicate, nd finely-balanced lnstruxueut-w'hiclz it

uteruig words that not even nxie oaths or paid military qA%

could twist or pervert into anything worse than a want of confidence in the Administration, and of disbelief in war as ax

 • instrument for the restoration of a defunct Union, was seized two hours after midnight in his bedchamber and torn from the arms uf his agonised wife and family by a mob of soi4ier

taied by court-martial, found guilty of plain speaking, sad

sentenced to banishment from his native land, in defiance of ax express provision of the Constitution of the United States and of the State laws of Ohio. Military dictators like General Butler, at New Orleans; General Schenok, at Baltimore; and General Burnaide, at Cincinnati, have rivalled in insolesosi brutality, and lawlessness any Dey of Algiers or Paclia of Asia Minor that was ever appointed by the most ruthless Sultan that ever reigned in Constantinople. The liberties of the Americana over the whole length and breadth of the continent have barn either abrogated by military proclamation, or allowed in mm caceptional places, such as New York, Boston, and Philadelphia,.

• to exist upon sufference, until such time as it should please the

caprice or suit the supposed necessities of the AdminIstratIon

at Washington to supersede them by the stroke of the pen of

a Major General or the dictum of a Provost Marshal. And,.

last degradation. of all-degradation hitherto unknown *saon

men of Anglo-saxon blood and lineage-a ruthless and annecessary conscription has converted a nation once proud of its free men into a horde of military slaves, and compelled every citizen within certain ages either to quit his home, bit family, and his business, and serve as a private soldier agsln*

10, his own countrymen contending for their independence, cc to

buy his liberty-as a slave buys his freedom-by a moflOy

payment. These are among the substances which the Am&lcans

have lost inthepursuit of what, as yet, is butashadOV,Ui

which promises never to be anything more. The long ll

admits of a short summary :-Freedom, of speech, freedomnof

writing, freedom from arbitrary arrest, freedom of the praofrall these are gone. They may not, perhaps, be gone byoad

• recall; but, certainly, they axe not to be re-obtained by the

. present generation without struggles as keen arid as saugtzbY as have always attended the conquest or reconquest of

priceless treasures in other civilised nations.

The second substance which President Lincoln and his peOple

have loatfora shadow is the substance of two thousand nililioriSOf

dollars, or £400,000,000 sterling, already expended; arid of Si,OI1

half as much more, for which the Government and people e

liable, on current and outstanding account. As the mt&ed St which this vast sum has been, and will have to be, borroWed ranges between three-and-a-half and seven per cent, it WE[ entail upon the Americana, if they do not repudiate It as th*

threaten, a permanent annual tax of one hundred $

millions of dollars, and a consequent taxation Snob as no country in the world endures except Great Britain and Franøe who severally incurred their enormous liabilities in torelgn*ed not domestic wars extending over a couple of centurics.

The third substance-lost for ever in the stream beCBXiS the too greedy dog would snap at a shadow-is the labom of OO

million of men for upwards of two years of  -iS.boar in

agriculture, in mechanism, in commerce, in everythfug that

enriches a nation, and the money value of which W1)Uld be

greatly under-estimated in such a teeming country asMia$

at fifty millions sterling per annum.

The fourth loss of substance, which the Ameriodt

as they do upon the over-peopled regions of Europe for fres

supplies-are always inclined to undervalue, is the loss 01 4 least 500,000 men, by death in battle, by diseases the osiPp and by all the fatigues, miseries, arid privations incident to a state, of wax. The record is an awful one, but has no

for the Americana. They make almoSt as little of human life as the Chinese, and deal with the h

quantities of arithmetic as unconcernedly- as OriSflt$
took Washington, Jefferson, Hamilton, and their iltt compeers such patient study, such consummate and such enlightened knowledge of human character to who to the wants as well as to the prejudices of a fr lesions people; a Constitution which guaranteed the rg* a local selfgovernment; which found each component -

the Union a Sovereign within its own sphere, and igft it so set bounds to all possible usurpation on the part of the Ot

Power. That Constitution is destroyed; everyone of it ,

provisions has been set at naught; the local authority ha be

denied and superseded; the State Judges have been arrested ou the bench by armed men, for no other offence than an expn1t of State law according to their consciences and their oauss, but which happened to be distasteful and inconvenient Central Government; the members of the Legwat Sovereign States have been dragged from their homes and i,e at the dead of night, and imprisoned in bastilles, ssbjeo disgusting indecencies and humiliations, and worse kaw ment than falls to the lot o. convicted felons, net anything that they bad done, but for something . it was supposed they might do. Mr. Seward has ntag a bell on his right hand, and ordered the imprisoni by telegraphic message to a Provost Marshal, of a gni1t1e citizen of New Yorkguiltless of anything but hatred of t war and fidelity to the Constitution; and has rung a bell on h eft and ordered by similar agency the imprisonment of anot1 citisen in Ohio for the same offences. The privilege and rlg'tt of the writ of habeas corpus have been overruled in thoa of instances, without other pretence or juaific&Uou than tyrant's plea of necessity. Forts Warren, Lafayette, sad M'Henry have been crarnnied with prisoners of 8tate as ignorant for the most part of the grounds of their incarosrat as any of the unhappy victims who were released from the Bastille of Paris on its destruction by the indignant Freath people in 1789. The right of free speech basbeen dethed and. gentleman, a ache lar, apatriot, and a a ateamau-apmiy addnesslug twenty thousand of his countrymen in public meeting-for uttering words that not even the oaths of paid military apes could twist or pervert into anything worse than a want of confidence in the Administration, and of disbelief in war as an instrument for the restoration of a defunct Union, was seized two hours after midnight in his bedchamber and torn frotn'the arms uf his agonised wife and family by a mob of sohliers tiled by court.niaitial, found guilty of plain speaking, and sentenced to banishment from his native land, in defiance of an express provision of the Constitution of the United States and of the State laws of Ohio. Military dictators like Genal Butler, at New Orleans; General Schenck, at Baltimore; and General Buruside, at Cincinnati, have rivalled in inaolenoe brutality, and lawlessness any Dey of Algiers or Pacha of Asia Minor that was ever appointed by the most ruthless Sultan that ever reigned in Constantinople. The liberties of the Americans over the whole length and breadth of the continent have bea either abrogated by military proclamation, or allowed in se €xceptional places, such as New York, Boston, and Philadelphia, to exist upon sniferenee, until such time as it should please the caprice or suit the supposed necessities of the Admithstratlor& at Washington to supersede them by the stroke of the pen. o a Major General or the dictum of a Provost Marshal. And, last degradation of all-degradation hitherto unknown among men of Anglo-Saxon blood and lineage_a ruthless and necessary conscription has converted a nation once proud of its free men into a horde of military slaves, and compelled every citizen within certain ages either to quit his home, h family, and his business, and serve as a private soldier against his own countrymen contending for their independence, or ) buy his liberty-as a slave buys his freedom-by a mOUpayment. These are among the substances which the Americans
ta'kofnJ oz with as much nonchalance a sober Europeans !a:k of th. &,.ands. The whole scale of this war is gigantic-in i rcst ef fasure. of life, and of liberty; and all for a shadow, il fer tl 1eire of extended territory, for unftersal empire

er the Aricaa continent, for pride, vainglory, and for the Power lrrfter to overawe and insult what they have the irgolence t,, call such effete and decaying nations as England ad France.

Ibe loner their unhappy war continues the more con

thxalvely €venta continue to prove that the attempted

-ccicn -f the Southern by the Northern States was be peaeti4 blunder, if not the greatest crime, of our

e. Tbcrrieives the product of a successful rebellion, they ze fought what they call Southern rebellion with a vindictivetess and bstinacy winch make poor George Ill, appear, in smparisov with Abraham Lincoln, a mild, a conscientious, and

reasonable ruler. Asserting in their Declaration of lade

ndence that Government could only and ought only to rest pon the corsent of the governed, they denied their own prinipie the first time that their Southern countrymen endeavoured o put it into practice. Mr. Lincoln admitted, on assuming ace, that the Constitution had put no power of coercion into

Had be and his advisers remained true to that ,elief-had they recognised the dogma of tie consent of the

rned as essential to the existence of Government, and

imply contented themselves with doing nothing, they would

t all events have secured the substance which they have at in pursuit of a shadow, and done more by their in.

tivity to prove that Southern independence was a dream ban they have ever done or ever can do by war, howyes long continued and fiercely waged. Time, commercial I stercourse, and the subsidence of angry passions might have mated together to restore the broken compact. Bat now it

toe late. What has been never can be again. The "United

tatea of America" is but the name of a thing that is past. It

consigned to the page of history, along with the Roman mpfre, the Ueptarchy, and the kingdom of Bryan Boroihtne. It rice was and never can be again; and these words are alike a history and its epitaph.
• MA 113 W IS ala PBrrir LrNacn-A WS,-tc of the

New lurk I bappen to ifte where be te tm 1 in DCVtr repoee e the Wbhe Hednrtn u I t eeIthy

St bea,o1ni bUmenL I tLf

r t. The t4ht

1* flLIICU1I (mr If • • eia•1y Cavalry.

wti.h ni Irrdb 'i, uuiy CA no

greet ehw i o : -r a goo.eteed, i.-••-- tyn4diwty; ws

abluck, stiff irx

man. AT • ih 4bm at. Wt. a iftowiibebied.

to by rn in They ere

=ly g_,ing at u-o-,, z.~~ UW U t,_,v P-* -t thm by the dignituy 1xi't The t ttZIlWV  sni th cntfrty unoL'

y tend Lfeyrte.ciun it arottgee to

MtQ# 7 *Cfl cnxlone srenger -UV* anI aue I w :erj plainly the

reotudar biowu ieee, with the dep llte, the aIwn* t me, wtLtaâeep, IeI Aee in the iiometim,e he cemszxI gote in

in open t*rnuthe The cavalry always xmpeny him with drawn eet

$ Uxneecee o bit Ws', 0 boy Of tenor twelve, rldeeat bit rigttt at pony."
U5 rtE (' CEAILF.1flN.-CAfl'Il (W MORUE LLAM).

lbs wbss of that long peninsula called Morris J]x4 which fcen,a

a satumi mole &t the southern side of the entrunce to Charleston is in the hands of the Federals. The capture of erris oena the front door into Charleston. Fort Wagner and htsvy Oisgg, which are on it, can now be turned to the uses of the aaats. They command the entrance to the harbour, and at 4'ramings Point the end of the lsland, General (iilmore will be able eaareet batteries a mile nearer the city than the spot from which

ebe utat bombardment took place.

The attacks upon Morris Island fills up the whole interval from the

to the eveunt of the 6th. On the nigh; of the 1st a grand

iigad as org ad in conjunction with the monitors. During the sllencn the commanders assembled in Admiral Dah]grens cabin to spas their plans, and at about eleven o'clock the fleet ,tsensd up the harbour and began the fight, dividing their stteaton between Fort Sumter and the works at Cuxnininga Feint. There was one "continued line of flashes from the Meb inlet to the weeks on the eranm left -an uninterrupted roar at heavy gm and the bowl of rifle-bolts made the scene not easily kvgo*tse.' At daylight on the 5th another fences bombardment br'u against Fort'Wagner and Battery G  condused without

a'I dar n the cow-ja of

h,adw nti  nvight the redmah

men in boats on the apace between the two weeks, and tried to

take Battery Gregg by storming it in the rear. This adventurcsss attack failed. Next clay the bombardment was renewed and kept up all dark, having lasted almost uninterruptedly for fiftytwo bones. ennwh1]e, General Gilmore had been getting nearer and nearer the

 kit by dint of spadework, and by the evening of the 6th his Sappere esc.be4 the most which enrrountfed it. Then at last Beauregard confss.d himself beaten. Between that night and the following morning 9v serks on ]torrta Island were evacuated, the Confederates spiking their tas and carrying oft their woundeiL

Ga the capture of lorris Island, Admiral Dahigren demanded the of Fort Sumter. General Beauregard refused compliance,

sad the Federals once more began a furious bombardment. At ems p m. on the 7th the monitor opened fire at close range. They ile eat appear to have suffered much damage themselves, but they Uikld to compel the surrender of the devoted handful of man who the firt. On the 8th the manttess dIreebed their e against !t Moultrie and the other wgrka on Sullivan's IsLv4 on the north of the harbour. For kept with no as the C%arkaton p*ers mm ochIteabt that a asguirie in Pert Mimnttrle ang1odei and M ltavvWc. a member of ar in the neigbbonebood of the  t, wat dureyett A.pps

ieetiy h ring the sight of the Sth, the Federals lanled a force on the meLts of Feat Sumter. in the hope of taking it by a sud.ten and ottapetted ttt. The during attnipm faii&. 'I'hC mefoIera

sore found Irlareti. The s niams lo4t ixty men ty kiin ir and five &ffietrs wre arntmm tLe prismr cq: :rol. .%t

CL the cmrtan falls 1:1x-at 1l;i t tracnlin.-y  nab!

for 41-10 the determination anti the woukrful r4rLe f the nCt1 ro

54h bkh the attack has been hitned and the tkier.te tenaitv

ci tk defence.

General GUmoro, in his despateb announcing the clearing of Morrs

 Ward and the taking of Forts Wagner and Gregg, says About tea oeierk last night (the tth) the enemy commenced evacuating the odami, and all but seventy-five of them made their escape from

(s*mreg'a Point in small boats. Captured despatches show that the ass conmended by Colonel Keitm, of South Carolina, and gsrnerned by 1400 effective men, and Battery Gregg by between 100 or ito. Feet Wagner is a work of the most formidable kind. It is keabprnf, mid is capable of holding 1800 men, Ii remains intact alter the meet tme*Je bombardment to which any work was ever itk,tcteii We have c*ptnred nineteen pieces of artillery and a large "WY of enevilent ammunition. The city and harbour of Charleston

St* eem eny gnus.

peued with the Southern kadeus on this mbeet Piwidur IãnecLt

r'plied that be thought Mr. Wood's inScrntarm would p,o, grooml-.

1€; but if the people of the Southern States ecemlo cease rea*smunee,

re-inaugurate, and submit to and maintain the national aneWast within the limits of the Fontimerro &atns under the Moral Comet. tattoo, then war wunhi cease on the part of the United States. If. within a reasonable time, a full and jteae.sn1 amy were to each an end. it would act be withheld; but he del act think ft proper to ccummurmk'ste this to the Featbern people. who, b belletveel, already knew It, and when they chose Mali aneamnedeate With him uncqrnvocally. Mr. Fernando Wood replied. regretting that Mr. Litcohm declined the innocent ego" to ascertain whether the 6oexh desired to return to the mien.

The Federal troop, had been withdrawn front the sets and squares of New York and no futber apprehensions of disturbance ware entertained-the City Council having finally passed the i. Intict approriatzng *,($KI,00$) ekillare to pay for anbetitutes. Many of the substitutes and ecusoripte who bad beau raised by the draught from New Teak and the adjoining ntcs were showing a very rthactcey spirit; and, in one instance, an esourt had to ire twice into some ew Jersey =C ts, who were nhIwately dmed.

The draught is  nteated in Ohio,

The Kansas militia, Inflamed by the massacre at Leavanwoeth,

I were preparing to enter Meesouni for the purpose of taking a bloody.

1revenge on all persons suspected of attachment to the (.mdeelerate cause; but the Federal General Sc.bodald was endes'roeufag to restrain those.

A meeting has been held at Paólo, Ismw, at which OO armed

men were present. The recall of the Kansas troupe was urged if the

Government continued its offensive military system in gas..c

The peupriators of the eltisms-a Repiètkee* have been sent South for publishing disloyal poetry.

The trade of New Orleana with Cairo. St. L,uia, and the cities an.]

towns of the Upper Mimiesippi, Missouri, and Obis, has hem declared fire frem military control.

Intelligence has been received of the foundering of the Federal

corvette llainbridge, seven gun.,, Commander Thomas 3. Dwyer, in a

fearful hurricane, on Aug. 21, the whole of the crew, shout one hundred, with the exception of two men, going down wIth the Tense]. The Bainbnidge formed one of the Federal fleet appointed to the West India waters to intercept the various "blockade-runners.'

At Havannak a British brig, the Atlantic, had arrived. She had

been captured as a blockade-runner by the Federals, but subsoineetly

her crew overpowered the prize crew and carried her into Ka,'annnh.
OIIZER MILITARY XOVRXX.M 10 *evcment of iportanee has been made by either of the

b,kort -WO in Virginia although there have be venal kir

1heL A reDort bag been current a Washington that General Lee heavy reinforcements, and that be meditated another

eaL The Confederate weaknee at Cbatanooga and

eald to lend etreugth to tIde bellef

i* Leat Teaneeee we bear of the capture by Burndde of Knoxville

Sad *Ee taking of Cmberland c made 00O (3oufederate "bow"; and the abandonment by the C ifederatreof Chattanooga. ,e In*wdjg,Jy occupied by Rosenerana. The latter mesenre ' PCI*Wy taken b the Ckufedtietos with the view of advancing ""ring urnaide but Roecacrana appears to have loot

be U'" in taking poeec of that strong Confederate posItion. A

WW w. hif_* as that General Burnák had resigned Ida con

is for seeb a ep Is given.

'atEtS from Lvzwcrth, In Ianeas, of the 10th last., state

f4*l intsibgesxe had been received of the capture of Fort in Arkaa, by General Blunt, on the lot inst.; also that lad evacuated Little Rook and retired to

forty mik'a dkautt which they were fortif~ing.

&my of the Gulf is Morin from x Orle&nk General

ill aid to have at&~ at the 9zf 17),00 am, for Ttus.

N- Or~ of the fth uX, gate iLat tbeCouf6derstes

M"q 0-fta the Grand I&ke k-OW Strow. it is - I - - City for supphea.

QNXXHAL XXWP~

JNatt!wy mom INS 04dwtotfly conw-luded the 50,00,W04ols. am With tbe bukL

T4 -- M&M  Wdo" of the DaMmudo pirty

ha" 2~

aft;: at New YV at which all minor diVainces mwe "t~

btwftd, in Wder that a tmited D=ocr~ appoiiitioa

P-Ada-4-AW, o-in's AAbuinixtration might be promted to dki peapic

dtar tat" d"Mom

46 Jim Oaria Sumner

CUtwe, New mently mpke wit1I f-am wbemimee at

York, againa the atOW& of BegUnd

Fume *41 the outbreak of the war. Ea Rumills umbnent W the P~~

00vftVzH-t he co"dered had betz unfriendly, and

'%j',j. ~80&zft' " hard, cWt, captilom. and mical.- He aarged

=Ikl, .

tt~'

T66

:J~A,,~

Ovuument with complicity with the 11 Pirate ships" and d' f"dUk'ftN and add its FAWlity was accumulating, The L 694 Of 111W-ation was denounced, &M a blow -

Of tkxko. The remarks denuncia 1017 of England sid

to have been l*ndly antilsuded.

_dsnce between Ferxutecto Wood and President Lincoln,

Istvssbtr last, ban been published. Wood Informed Mr.

be baa information that the Soutbe  n'

tMlVI'5t0 the Federal Congree Provided a general arnututy

and Suggesting that an nnomcia I correspondence be
Mr. Mason, the Commissioner from the Confederate States,

en Mc13dy cent to Lord Bueeell a notification that he had been instructed by the Confederate Gocerament at Richmond to withdraw from this country. Mr. Mason, it is understood, vi1 proceed to Paris and remain there.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

A BLoc -nmssn has brought us some sketches from our Special Artist in Charleston, two of which are engraved in the present Number. Respecting the Engraving on our first page-" The Assault

on Fort Wag-net on the night of July 18 "-our Special Artist and

Correspondent writes as follows :-" I returned from the south-west just in time to witness this most formidable of all attempts made by the enemy on the defences of Charleston. You are already doubtless aware that the Federals succeeded a fortnight since in eeoting a -

lodgment of their forces on the islands forming the approaches to the city. A temporary success enabled them to throw up works in front of Fort Wagner, and to commence an advance on the lastnamed stronghold. In couunction with their iron fleet, which took up an enfilading position seawards, they maintained a heavy fire of mortars,
