my prpkJBut with that audacity which seems

to be the common characteristic of Transatlantic Republics, Mexican Governments of every party have been foremost in pfllaging, insulting, threatening, and even taking the lives of foreign residents. No international obligations have been allowed to stand in. the way of the President for the time being, or of his creatures. Europeans have been mercilessly fleeced, as such, by forced loans. Consuls have been ill-treated, and their national archives ransacked. Promises have been made but to be broken. Solemn stipulations have been recklessly -violated, and at length, under the seeming connivance of the party in power, the design was openly entertained of ridding the country of ailforeign residents, and, of course, of confiscating and appropriating all their property within reaqh. Several causes contributed to indispose the leading European Powers to call Mexico to account. The extreme jealousy of the United States of any interference with the affairs of the New by the Poers of the Old Wrld-the mutual distrust by the latter of each other's ultimate designs-the fear lest some complication of practical policy in. the Western Hemisphere might eventuate in hostilities in the Eastern, and the expense of reducing Mexican anarchy, prevailed to lengthen out the patient endurance of European Governments. Outrage became at last intolerable, at least in the judgment of the allies, and, after considerable negotiation, England, France, and Spain agreed to, a convention by which they pledged themselves t united action for the purpose of wringing sasisfaction and redress from the lawless Republic.

Any one of the allied Powers could have reduced Mexico to reason with the utmost ease; but it seems to have been thought that any one of them operating singly might turn success to a selfish account. The convention, therefore, must be regarded as a document intended to impose restraint upon the assailants, andn ot made necessary by the strength of the assailed. Each of the contracting Governments renounces all intention of. permanent conquest, and the redress that they seek they engage to reek in common, and not separately, or at each othr' expense. Spain has been somewhat suspiciously eager for the 'fray. Her forces were first on the scene of action, and the port of Vera Cruz and the fortress of San Juan d'tllloa are already in the occupation of the allies. Mexican Generals, however, although capable of surrendering strongholds without a blow, are equally capable of offering a show of desperate resistance where it is plainly of no avail. The latest intelligence prepares us to expect that intestine feuds will be momentarily buried, and exhausted Mexico will defy the arms of the three allied Powers. Soaflairs stood when information from that quarter was last dispatched.

 Meanwhile, however, a novel aspect of the case has turned up for discussion. The design seems to have been somewhere entertained of putting an end to Mexican confusion by converting the Republic into aMo–archy, and placing the Archduke Maximilian, of the louse of Austria, on the throne. Happily, as we think, the conditions laid down by this illustrious scion of an Imperial house as indispensable to his acceptance of the honour are such as will be found impracticable. Not that we regard Monarchy as an institution 'wholly unsuited to Mexico, especially in her present state, nor that we associate with the Austrian Archduke all the faithlessness which has characterised the family of which he is a member. Had the project originated in Mexico, or received the undoubted sanction of the nation, we can well believe that it might have eventuated in a permanent settlement of Mexican affairs, and a rapid development of the unbounded resources of that splendid territory. But for any such arrangement to have been the outcome of European intrigue, aiming at not so much what is thought bet for Mexico, but what may be most convenient for European diplomacy, would be.fatal to its success. Royalty forced upon the people of Mexico might possibly overawe them, but would not engage their hearty allegiance; and one can easily imagine what would be the inevitable fate of the new kingdom in the - course of a few years, whether the Confederate States of America establish their independence or whether the United States be again restored to an unbroken Federation. Mexican institutions must represent Mexican 'sentiments, or the country will inevitably and speedily. be absorbed by her powerful and

anti monarchic neighbour - - -
AMERICA, B the arrival of thelTorth American we have telegrains from Xt-g

YD

orl to the 1st inst.

THE BUJINSIDE EXPEDITION.

This expedition, consisting of 125 vessels of all classes, started ft.) is Hampton Roads, in Chesapeake Bay, on the 11th and 12th f. Encountering heavy fogs and severe storms, they did not arri *t Hatteras until the 15th. The screw-steamer New York ran on the bar at the entrance to the harbour and soon became a total wreck. All hands were saved; but her cargo, consisting of 200,000 doll. wth of powder, rifles, and bombs, was totally lost. The gun-boat; 7ou and the steamer Pocahontas were also wrecked near the lighthone,r'. Ninety valuable horses belonging to the Rhode Island Battery he! in be thrown overboard. Several tow-boats, and schooners laden wiii provisions, were wrecked. No lives were lost except those of thm Colonel and surgeon of a New Jersey regiment and a mate, tbra the swamping of a life-boat. Up to the 26th nit;. General Bum-:!,! had made no advance beyond Hatteras Bar. The precise object; of the expedition still remains undisclosed to the public.

THE HEl)EPAL VICTORY IN SOUTHERN KENTUCKY.

General Thomas's official report of the battle at Mill Spring has

been published. The affair was as decisive as the first reports re**

gŽnta.d it to be. A war correspondent thus describes the manner n which the Confederate General Zoilicoffer met his death:

At the point of the V died General 5. He fell, nearer our camp than any other man of his army. Be was with Bottle's regiment, his own hOinsfrScle4.,

 born and brought up around him at Nashville. A short distauoo fr,mrn .tes.

to his right, a party of his man had been broken from their comrades 644

were herding together like frightened deer. Colonel Fry's men (loyal K.'

tuckiens) were just about to fire on them. Colonel Fry himself was at LM

right of his regiment, at the point of greatest danger. General Znllkew was on foot, and within a few feet of the Colonel. A. gum-.,oat con e** his uniform. Seeing the condition of his men, as the Colonel rode up, (hm*taj

Z. said," Colonci, you 'would not fire upon your friends, would you?" 0o'4 F. smmppoeed from the General's manner and remark that he was one of

own officers, and at once replied, "Certainly not, Sir; r hare no such lat tio." He turned and rode a few stops, when one of the General's aide" flre4

at him, wounding his horse. Believing that he was tricked, Colonel l'ry a'.

once 'wheeled and fired at the General with his revolver. The latter islet 1ie

hand to his breast and foil dead.

OTHER BELLIGERENT OPERATIONS.

The Federals have taken possession of Cedar Keys, a small gro(

Wands on the west coast of Florida, end the western terminus of Like railroad across the isthmus to Fernandina.

Six vessels have been sunk in Moffat' Channel, Charleston. Biol.

more will be sunk immediately. This channel was left; open when tb

main channel was stopped up.

A Confederate ship of war, the Calhoun, while on her way frsea5 Eavannah to Charleston, being chased by a Federal ship of war, wa abandoned and burnt.

Mr. Reynolds, the Federal agent at Ports Royal, had returned t4

Washington. He reported that he had gathered about 1,000,001) skl,,

worth of cotton, and that 8000 negroes were regularly employed s.r gathering it.

WASHINGTON.

Bishop Amos, of Ohio, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, and 41 ,4

Hamilton Fish, of New York, have been appointed Cosnmiasmoes

to the Confederate States for the purpose of teheving the necssaitlee c

Federal prisoners there.

The Congressional Committee appointed to report upon the gun.bo contracts made by the brotherin-law of the Secretary of the Navy ha.. condemned the system. The House Committee on the district iof Columbia have decided to report adversely to the proposition to abohsl. slavery in the district. The House has also refused to taken any eL towards the recognition of the Republic of Hay-ti.

General Goiciaria had arrived at Washington on a mission from th.

Mexican Government.

TEE CONFEDERATE STATES,

The remains of the late Mr. Tyler lay in state in the capitol

Richmond, and were honoured with a public funeral. He was neari seventy-two years of age at the time of his decease. There'are nos four living ax-Presidents of the United States-namely, Van Baree Fillmore, Pierce, and Buchanan.  -

General Beauregard, with 15,000 men, has left Eastern Virginia ft Kentucky, in order to make head against the Federal there, Ft ,i,,

sident Jefferson Davis will command at Manassas, UTAH.

This Mormonite territory demands admission into the Union, flsi gates assembled at Salt Lake City on Jan. 22 and drew up- a Constitution to be submitted to Congress. its is not probable that thet petition will be granted, as in the eyes of the dominant party of United States "polygamy and slavery are twin-relics of barbarism."
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

ZOZi'DON, .5ATUJ WA F, FEBRUARY 15, 1862.

Thn proceedings in Parliament have as yet had little of interest. The orations on the opening evening were chiefly addressed to the one melancholy topic with a reference to which the Royal Speech --began...? mose orations-we use Tie word deslgueuiy1

America, of course, came in for a share in the opening dis

cussions. The Opposition heartily approved of all that the

Government has done, and Lord Derby took pains twice to

correct a report that made him express a belief that we should soon have to recognise the Southern Confederacy. Mr. Disraeli spoke more favourably than his chief in regard to the Government of the Northern States, and said that they had dealt manfully with the great difficulty presented by the secession; and he therefore thought that any communication from Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet should be received in a generous spirit. The prudent reticence which characterised both Houses last Session as regarded American affairs is likely to be imitated, although in the Lords more than one nobleman has expressed himself strongly upon the conduct of the Lincoln Government towards England, and although an endeavour will be made to fix Lord Palmerston to some definite expression of opinion on the sufficiency of the blockade./niere use not neen much else In We inief

omlatest mails from WYork

touching the last battle; but it is clear that the Confederates

were worsted, and fled with considerable energy, bat not until

after a fierce struggle of many hours. The battle must have been a desultory one, as is clear from the small number of the slain and also from the mode in which General Zollicoffer was killed, he and his friends having been riding about the field apparently with no express object, and having come upon another
small body of wanderers on the other side. Each body took the other for friends until very near, and then a hand-to-hand fight ensued, and the General was brought down by a shot from a revolver. All this looks remarkably unlike an incident in a real battle, and indicates a .sort of guerrilla warfare. But the result as certainly unfavourable to the South, and the victory is made the most of in New York. On the other hand, the expedition along the coast met with an unfortunate check. A vessel loaded with valuable munitions of war went on a rock and sunk; and, though but few lives were bat, the ready lies of the telegraphic correspondents magnified the affair so awfully that General M'Clellanthought right to order the journals to call in the sheets in which they had given the false intelligence. This they could not do, but spread, in the contrary interest, the news that Government was repressing intelligence, and by this means a panic was created. The truth came out at lastr-the casualty was a severe one, but was merely one of the accidents of war which are supposed to be included in the calculations of every prudent General. Up to the present time, therefore, the ninety days which were to end the campaign were melting away without any remarkable advance towards 'the desired object
HOUSE OF LORDS.-FRmAY, FEB. 7.

BRITXSIC SunJEOTS IN THE NORTHEBE STATEs 01? AnrsitIcA.-The Earl of CAIINAIWON asked if there was any truth in the report as to the manner in which Mr. Shepherd, a British subject, had been thrust Into prison in New York, and also his treatment while under confinement. It had been stated that the letters addressed to him from the British Embassy had been torn open, and that he had been pressed to renounce his nationality and take the oath of allegiance to the United States I In order to facilitate his liberation. -Earl BUSS= was understood to say that, In the explanation furnished by Mr. Seward, Mr. Shepherd was considered a citizen of the United States. He had been arrested on suspicion of being a spy, and the American law, as interpreted by its law odleere, gave to the President in times of emergency the power of arrest. There was no objection to lay the correspondence on the table.-The Earl of Os.HEs.ItvoIe was surprised to hear that the report was correct; end he hoped that when the correspondence was produced it would appear that the Government had not only remonstrated against the injustice,

but had claimed compensation for the imprisonment. HOUSE OF GOMMO1S.-FIiwAr, FEB. 7.

- none monoti or air. niwsu a new wrie so

TUE BLOCKADE 01? THE CONFEDERATE PORTS OF AItIIORICA.-Mr. GREGoRY referred to the civil war in America, and said he believed he was in a condition to prove that the blockade of the Southern ports was nothing but a paper blockade, and therefore, according to a statement made by Earl Russell last Session, ought not to be recognized. He would take an early opportunity of bringing the whole question before the Rouse

HOUSE OF LORDS.-MoimAY.

BRITISH SUBJECTS IN AMERICA.-The Earl of CARNAIWON stated that, in addition to the case be had mentioned the other evening of a Mr. Shepherd, who was compelled to take the oath of allegiance to the American Government by the Federal authorities, there were other persons who had been compelled to take the seine course in order to obtain their release from imprisonment.-Iiarl RUSSELL said that a correspondence on the subject had token place, and had been laid before Parliament, and from that it would appear that the Pederal Government alleged that these persons had been engaged in treasonable conspiracies, and, the President having exercised his legitimate right in saspending tile habeas Corpus Act, he was not prepared to say that the detention of those persons -was illegal, or demanded more decided Interference on the part of her Majesty's Goveroment.-Thco Earl of DEBBY stated that he would be glad to know if any law or precedent could be quoted to justify the compelling of the subjects of one Government to take the oath of allegiance to another.-Eerl RUSSELL said that the person whose case was particularly in question had given notice of his iatention to bsooae is naturalised American citizen.

THE BLOCKADE OF THE SOUTHERN POIiTS.-The Earl of MALMESBURY

Inquired what was the reel elate of the blockade of the Southern States, as it bad been asserted by Mr. Meson that six or seven hundred vessels had run th

blockade. It that were so, it was clearly such a blockade as was not jusbiftei

by Intematioal law.

Or a
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-MONDAT. BIrnTB o NEUTRALS.-Mr. OOBD1 gate notice that on an early day b

would call ;attention to the subject o international law in reference to the

rights of beIlgerents in America.

L. ti. IT _.  i T. l .... I.1 I
The Tuscarora sailed from Cowes Roads on Thursday week.

At the request of the English, authorities at Gibraltar, the Sumter has left that port, and is now at Tangiers.

PAPERS CONCERNLI7G TIlE CIVIL WAR IN

1.eERICA.-Several important Parliamentary papers were published yesterday

week. The Scsi consists of correspondence relating to the civil warm America, chiefly between Lord Lyons and Lord Russell. This correspondence goes back

s far SSNOV. 17, 1860, when the primary elections in the United States had

assurcd the elevation of Mr. Lincoln to the presidential chair. All the mo-mentous events which have occurred in the interval are narrated and thecussed. There is a bug letter addressed to Lord Russell by Messere. Yaecey, Rest, and Macus, urging that the Confederate States were entitled to be regarded as a Government do facto; and there are other proofs of the activity of these gentlemen. No. S is a reprint of the Amerinin Bluebook containing all the dlpkinatic correspondence between Mr. Seward and the representatives of Amcrlra at foreign Courts. No. 3 contains the correspondence on the -question of maritime law which has been raised by the Transatlantic struggle. The fourth paper is on time withdrawal by the United States of Mr. Bunch's exequatur as Consul at Charleston; the fifth is on the seizure of Messrs. Mason and ShideU; and the sixth relates to the biaslayile and Tesecarora.
CotToN's MAP OF THE SouTxnnie STATES OF AMERICA.-At this moment this excellent map is necessarily welcome, It is a map of the whole of the Southern States, including Maryland Delaware, Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri, North and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Lousiana, and Texas, and shows part of adjoining Slates and Territories locating the forts and military stations of the United States, and all the railroads and railroad stations. It is sufficiently large to give distinctly a mass of detail which could not be included in any ordinary maps, and it is well and clearly engraved. The same publisher (J. H. Colton, New York) has issued a "New Railroad and County Map of the United States, the Canadss, Ito.," and- a large sheet containing "Plans of the United States' Harbours," showing the position and vicinities of the most important fortifications on the seaboard and in the interior. The maps are obtainable in this country through the agency of Messrs. Letts and Son, of the Royal Exchange.
By the City of Washington we have advices from New York tothe

8th inst. The only military operation of the week is the

CAPTURE Or FORT HENRY.

This Confederate fort is situated on the Tennessee River, in Western

Kentucky, not far from its mouth. On the 8th seven Federal gun

boats, under the command of Commodore Foote, attacked the foxt,

and, after one hour and a quarter's bombardment, the Confederate

General Tilgheim and the garrison of sixty men surrendered uncon

ditionally. The fort contained twenty guns, and offered a strong-resistance. The boiler of the gunboat Essex exploded, kiting thirty Federals. The Federal land forces did not arrive uatii after the sur render. Pert Denneilson, on the Cumberland River, will be the nextpoint of attack.

The Bureside expedition has sailed for Roanoke Island.
IINANrJB.

The anxieties of the Secretary of the Treasury have been relieved by the passage of the Treasury Note Bill through the House of Representatives, with the clause making the notes a legal tender, by a large majority. The telegrams to the contrary were erroneous. The House of Representatives has added an amendment. making the payment of interest on Government Bonds optional in con or paper.

The New York Chamber of Commerce has unanimously passed resolutions to sustain the Government in giving currency to the legal tender notes until they can be placed on a specie basis by the imposition of taxes adequate to their redemption. On the other hand, the people show no revived disposition to invest in the National Loan, of which nearly 50,000,000 dole. remain on the hands of the Government. Gold is S pram.; the 7.80 Treasury notes are selling at a discount of l per cent; end the contractors are clamoring for payment. The Federal and State Treasuries, however, are most anxious to keep faith with the public creditor, and have paid the interest on the several National and State debts in coin. It is stated on high authority that the amount of the funded Federal debt was on the 15th of January 806,700,000 dole., having risen to thin amount-from 65,000,000 dole. since Mr. Lincoln's inauguration. This is irrespective of a large and daily- augmenting floating debt. The same authority estimates that by the end of this fiscal year (June 30) the fonded and floating debt will amount to 680,000,000 dole.

CONGRESS.

In the Senate, on the Slat nit., the resolution appropriating

25,000 dols. to forward the interests of American exhibitors at the

International Exhibition was rejected by the vote of--Ayes, 17;

lays, 22. A bill to prohibit Americana engaging in the coolie trade passed the Senate. Mr. Bright, senator from Indiana, has been expelled from the United Stales' Senate for corresponding in the spring of last year with Mr. Jefferson Davis on the subject of gunPowder.

 The House Committee on Commerce has reported on the Reciprocity

Treaty with Canada. The report deprecates the abroga'ion of the treaty, but advocates its amendment, with a view to benefit American industry. It affirms that while Canada draws from American imports a revenue of 1,000,000 dols., the United States only derives 25,000 dols. from duties on Canadian imports.

THE ADMINISTRATION.

President Lincoln has at length yielded to outside pressure and ordered the removal of the captured privateersmen from a common gaol to Fort Lafayette, where they are to betreated as ordinary prisoners of war. A flag of trace from General Johnston, of the Confederate Army, with despatches for the President had been received. It is

W)posed that it relates to the exchange of prisoners.

e President has granted a respite of three weeks to Captain Gordon, of the slaver Brie, who was to have been hung on the 7th inst. Judge Cowles has written a letter to the President begging him to commute the sentence of death.

The Maine Senate having requested the Governor of that State to

demand explanations of Mr. Seward for his offer to pass British troops across that state, the Secretary of State replies, in a long letter, that the immediate grounds of the proceeding were the saving the persons concerned from risk and suffering which might he feared if they were left to make their way, in an inclement season, through the ice and sifow of a northerly Canadian voyage. It was a coatomary act of enmity such as the United States' Government receives from New Grenada whenever it passes troops across the isthmus

The United States have not only studiously practised the meet perfect justice in their intercourse with Great Britain, hot they have also cultivated on their part a spirit of friendship towards her as a kindred nation, bound by the peculiar ties if commerce. The Grand Trunk Railroad, a British highway, extended through theterritories of thaflnited States to perhaps the finest seaport of our country is amonument of their friendly disposition. The reciprocity treaty, favouring the productions of British North America in the markets of the United States, is a similar monument of the same wise and benevolent policy. x shall net sfstt ignorance of the fart that popular asperities have recently appeared in that portion of the British Empire, as well as in the British Islands, which have seemed to indicate a growing alienation at sentiment among portions of the British people. But the Government of Grant Britain has nevertheless, during all this time, held towards no its customary language of respect and friendship. This Government, practising entire frankness, yieI4e its full faith to these assurances. The popular aeperitlee to which I have alluded are believed to have had their origin in accidents and misapprelseneions ef a temporary character. While the policy of this Government has been to fortify its territories so as to be able to resist all foreign as well as domestic saemiee, it such enemies must came, it has bean equally careful at the same time to secure even greater strength by showing itself oeosistent in all things, scrupulously just. and, if possible, magnanimous towards all other nations.

 If, owover, Mr. Seward concludes, the State of Maine feels herself

aggrieved, the orders will be cheerfully modified.

CON-FEDERATE REPORT ON BULL any.

General Beauregard's official report on the battle of Ball Ran has

been published, The loss of the Confederates was 1800 killed and

wounded. The effective Confederate force engaged was 21,000 men

and twenty.nine guns. The report concludes as follows:

In conclusion, this doubtless expected that through this report my countrymen should be made acquainted with some of the anfficlent causes that prevented the advance of our forces and prolonged vigorous pursuit of the enemy to end beyond the Potomac. The War Department has been rnuy advised long since of all those canoes, some of which only are proper to be here communicated. An army which had fought like ours on that day against uncommon odds, under a July eon, most of the time without water and without food, except a hastily snatched meal at dawn, was net in the condition for the toil of an eager, effective pursuit of an enemy immediately after the battle. On the following day an unusually heavy and unintermitting fall of rain Intervened to obstruct our advance. Added to this, the want of a sefflciant cavalry force made an effective pursuit a military impossibility.

- 'MISCELLANEOUS.  -

Mr. W. H. Russell, the Times correspondent, has quitted the United

States for the purpose of making a tour of inspection in Canada.

Notwithstanding the assurances from Washington correspondents

that the Federal Government has perfect faith in the friendly assurances

offered to it by the leading Governments of Western Europe, the New York press obstinately persist in representing that an intervention by Prance and Great Britain will take place on or before the let of April next,

'Two AtherfcanThflneions 1jrsiiEEj

in remaining covered whilst a religious procession was passing, got severely

handled by the gendarmes
JJCb.  -

General M'OleUan has forbidden the Hutchinsons to sing their antislavery songs in camp and has ordered them back to Washington.

The Legislature of Michigan has sent a petition to Congress stating that as slavery is the cause of the war it should be swept from the land.

The Massachusetts Anti-slavery Society have bald their annual

neetisg without any of the usual disturbances.

During the week 178 bales of Government Sea Island cotton have

been sold at from 28c. to 71c. per pound, the average price being 55c.

Nine bales of Uplands were sold at 25c. to 264-c,

cALm'OaNIA.

Ow imr to tirt continuance of the floods, the Legislature of this Slate have adjourned from Sacramento City to San Francisco.

Arrangements have been made to send telegrams direct from

Halifax, Nova Scotia, to San Francisco. -
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

LONDON, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1802.

Public opinion in the Northern States ppe&rs to be calling peremptorily for action on the part of the military authorities; and Journals which are usually well-disposed towards the Government do not scruple to declare that unless something be done towards the subjugation of the South it will be difficult to protest much longer against the interference of other nations. The call seems to be heard, and a simultaneous movement of three forces, intended to clear Kentucky of the Southern troops, is announced. Again, we are told that another fortnight will bring us great news. Mr. Jefferson Davis was to be inaugurated as First President of the South on this day (the 22nd), and has selected the especial sacred volume on which "his lips shall bepressed" in ratification of his vow to protect the system of man-stealing and man-selling. The great consideration with the North is, of course, money; and, provided this can be found, it is most probable that the long and magnificent preparations made by General M'Olellan will. enable him to strike an important blow, one which will satisfy the honour of the North and permit Mr. Lincoln to listen to terms of compromise. A strange rumour is, however, promulgated, to the effect that the President and his War Secretary design to take the responsibility of commanding the advancing army, while General M'Clellan will be left to act upon the Potomac. We mention. this because it i gravely asserted in several journals, but the

statement does not seem very truthful. - -
ROUSE OF COMMONS.-MONDAY,

Tires PSrIrUBE OF rns Titesest-On the motion for going into Committee of Supply on the Supplemental Estimates (Army and Navy), Mr. BRIGHT, in a speech of some length, adverted to the affair of the Trout. He expressed his approval of the tone adopted by Lord Russell In the despatches which he had addressed to the British Minister at Washington, but entirely dissented from the policy of warlike preparation, the root of which the eenntry was now required to defray. Go Wended the American Government from the I- 'Ion of being under the influence of a mob, showed how the menaree whorh bad boon indulged in had paralysed trade even to Its farthest ramtfoatlono, nod asserted that the real interests of this country and the progress of humon freedom were bound op with the canoe of the Federal-states.-Mr. Bsxtrrit, while approving of the preparations mine by the Government, urged that the North American colonies, whose wealth and public spirit had been mode conspicuous by recent month, should pay the expense of their own military eotshllehnoonto.-Lord PALME1tSTON defended the Government from the imputations of Mr. Bright. The policy which her Majesty's Government had pursued In reference to the affair of the Trent had mot with the general approval of the country, because ft was obvious that no ether course could have been adopted to assort the honour and Independence of the country. If the American Government really felt that they were bound by their own prthrtples of international law to give op the Confederate Commissioners, why did they watt for a remonstrance from England, and why bed they kept them for several weeks in prison? Her Mojesty'e Government bad no information to lead them to believe that the Prison= who had heea token antof the Inert would have been given lip. Qot
the contrary, they were bound to arrive at an oppoalte conclusion, for Oupinto

Willie had been converted into a hero, and his act had been RPPIsUdsi at a public banquet, sad had been commended by the Rome of ROpre100tatipel and the Department of the Admiralty. So tar from her idsjooty's Government g having incurred the censure of the Rouse or the country, he sub heed

they would have deserted the displeasure of both if they had empty r%ict their case upon a demised and had taken no steps to extort soirees by the usual means. The Government had done what they conceived to be their duty, and, although they had done no more than their daly, they believed they had given expression to the feelings of the country at a moment of no . ordinary difficulty.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-.-TUESDAY.

ARuicsv OF BRITISH SUBJECTS IN &MJsasJoa..-Lord Cdaoenayoy

introduced the subject of the imprisonment of British subjects in the thaots

States, with especial reference to the ones of Mr. Shaver, for Whose dolor.

ceration he considered compensation should have been

wesEc,n, In reply, said that Mr. Shaver had made no application to hire faa. compensation. The gist of the case was whether this gentleatoc had or lieu not rendered aseista;ce to the Confederates, as alleged by Mr. Sasuird. Pits noble Lord, he answer to the objection that the President had been guilty at an unwarrantable stretch of authority, said that the payee of silopmding the writ of hoboes corpus wee vested iii hint.
THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

(From our Special Artist and Correspondent.)

On Board the Guide, Hatteras Inlet, North Caroline, Jan. 22.

On the evening of the day on which I dated my last letter from the Picket we arrived at Forum Monroe, accompanied by most of the ships composing the Burnside expedition, only half a dozen or so being delayed by the fog. The latter joined the fleet on the following morngm Hampton Roads with the exception of the John Trucks, which had got on one in tlie Chesapeake, and had not been got off up to the ti pie of our leaving; she bad the Eoeneuil Zouaves on board. There has been so much said of Fortress M',nroe by others at various times during the present campaign, and especially by Mr. Russell, that there is little or nothing left for me to bore your readers with in reference to this famous American stronghold. Neither have I made you a sketch. of the place, which is singularly inappropriate for illustration, beng nothing more than an intrencued camp on a low wit of sand, but immensely strong for all that. Besides, we spent but

little time there, and that was all confusion of preparation for departure for our unknown destination. The secret hac been well kept. Not a soul, except the General-in-Chief and perhaps Commodore GooNsborongh, had an inkling of ourftsilie de route, though manifold were the conjectures of those with want I was thrown in contact. I heard every niece mentioned, from Galveston, in Texas, up to the York River and the Bappahaunoch, and some even supposed we were bound no the Potomac to clear out the Confederate batteries at Evausport and Shipping Point. But this state of uncertainty, was not to last long, as the officer commanding the troops on each ship had sealed orders given him, which were to be opened after getting six miles to sea. Well, we arrived, as I have said, at the place of rendezvous cif Fortress 3toiroe, on the evening of the 10th inst., and we weighed anchor on the following night at 11 p.m. My vessel was the Picket, a screw, the smallest in the fleet, on which General

 Burnside had established his head-quarters, much against the wish

of every one, for, although she was perfectly new, her proportions were scarcely those of a ship fitted to cope with a heavy sea. Before leaving there were all kinds of discomfiting prognostications about the weather. Old pilots shook their heads end prophesied north.easters; anxious groups surrounded the barometer and reported it going down rapidly, while evil crokere foretold worse disasters then happened to Sherman's expedition on its way to Port. Royal. But matters had been already delayed too long, and so it was anchor speak and away despite ancient mariners and mercurial oracles. As I had been invited to accompany the General, and had accepted, of course we rowed in the same boat; where he went there should I go but I must confess I should have preferred his choosing a large steamer instead of the mite of a cockleshell we were embarked in. Well, when we had got six miles down the roads towards Cape Henry. the General gave instructions to our Captain to shape his course for fl:atteras, and then, for the first time, I became aware of our destination. We were to pass over the bulkhead of Pamlicn Sound and attack the Confederate position at Roanoke Island; and, if successful in this, to advance on New Bernie, end thus form a basis from which to make approaches towards the centre of North Carolina, occupying the different lines of rails, and cutting off the communications of the Secessionists on the Potomac with the uthern seaboard States. To do this we had a force of something like 16,000 men, and afleet of a hundred transports and storeships, including fourteen or fifteen small river, steamers fitted as gun-boats to act in shallow water.

Woe is me I There was more in the prognostications of the old pilot and barometer than we were willing to admit for on rounding Cape Henry we got into the trough of a real Atlantic see, and found the breeze rapidly freshening into a gale. For a moment we all thought we were going to "turn turtle," and I, who had just laid down on a couch in the deck-cabin, was hurled against the door, which burst open with the concussion and shot me through it into the lee scuppers, where I rolled about in six or eight inches of the wholesome briny.. At the present moment I am greatly confused as to the evolutions we performed in that one great lurch, followed, alas I by many after ones but I cannot help thinking we stood on the funnel for at last five minutes. When at last I collected my battered remains together I found a party of anxious, lightly-clad, shivering individuals holding on to stanchions end ropes. However, the captain got her head to it and matters were somewhat improved, and .the little Picket struggled forward very much after the fashion that some gentlemen do returning home late from a dinner party. I groped my way back to my 'couch over the ruins of the steward's crockery, and, by a judicious use of padding, succeeded in wedging myself in

 tight, and an slept soundly Mug, Day dawned with a thick fog hod a heavy swell on. Now and then the misty veil would rise and give us occasional glimpses of the coast of North Carolina, arid, uninviting, end desolate m appearance: nothing more than a succession of hummocks of sand, jotted here end there with the skeleton timbers of many good ships cast away on the inhospitable shore. Towards evening the wind blow a perfect gale from S.S.W,, making the eating of one's dinner exceedingly problematical. The only way of taking in supplies was to hold on by one hand end watch the Opportunity of feeding with the other. Two of the party, after the first spoonful of soup, betrayed unmistakable signs of a loathing of food, causing "the steward to hasten with the necessary basin ;" but, with the characteristic obstinacy of people attacked with their complaint, they repudiated anything being the matter with them, and, by delaying their exit till the supreme moment, overreached themselves and those sitting beside them.

(ii, .4'? T-,i

which the troops were embarked being nothing more than huge top-hampered river steamers, with projecting guards that would smash up like cardboard if fairly struck by a sea. But, happily, as we and the day advanced, more wreath y lines of smoke indicated the approach of others of the fleet; and oh, good fortune I by Ii am. we had weathered the cape and were hove to off Hatteras Bar, waiting for the little black tug-boat that was steaming out to pilot us in. Without exaggeration, I may state the height of the breakers through which the narrow channel ran to have been nearly, if not quite twenty feet, with a depth of thirteen feet in the deepest part. The Picket was the fret to venture over, closely followed by the Peabody and Eastern City, and having on her starboard quarter the pilot-tug. So awful was the entourage of hissing breakers, and so certain our destruction should we yaw off but a point or two either way, that this was probably the most hazardous period of our tempestuous voyage. The Sketch I send (engraved on page 187) is faithful to the truth, and will better illustrate our position than anything I can express in writing. By midday we were over and at anchor in Pamlico Sound, under shelter of a spit of sand which up to the present constitutes the entire Federal department of North Carolina. On this land, partially submerged at high water, are built the forts captured by Commodore Stringham end General Butler. last August or early in September, I forget which; but to my mind the greatest ham that could have been done the Confederates would have been to leave them quietly in possession of this God-forsaken spot. Please, as the showman says, to turn to the other Sketch (engraved on page 186), end judge for yourself if such a place is fit for habitation by aught save clams end muscles. But the occupation has been of great advantage to the Federal Government as it has effectually placed a seal upon the outlets of Albemarle end amlico Sounds, shutting in the few vessels the Southerners have dens cee peruges.

 It was on the 18th iuet. that we cast our anchor in the waters of

Secessia, fourscore vessels drifting end crashing into each other in

a harbour, if so it can be designated, scarcely large enough to float a dozen comfortably. At one moment the little Picket had three huge floating barracks blown on to her in a heap, making it extremely probable we should drag to sea together and go to pieces on the bar. Everybody on board worked with a will; axes and handspikes were in every hand, assisting to clear away the surrounding wreck; and your correspondent as he sprang for the chains of the Northerner, grasping a fender to ease off the shock as she closed in missed his footing, and was only rescued from being flattened out like a pancake by the activity of some soldiers who dragged him up the side a second before the collision took place.

The great difficulty to be contended against in the harbour is the shallowness of the water, except in certain places, endin these the ships are wedged together, with scarcely room to awing, end with the rush of the tide out from the Sound, or in from the ocean, assisted by incessant gales of wind, there is hardly a minute of the day that some vessel does not come to grief. About a mile u¯ is the bulkhead, formed by a ridge of eandbaulcs, ,over ..whlcb ,the gunboats and transports of lighter draught have to pass before they can advance to the attack of Roanoke Island. I foresee even now, though many are over (all the gun-boats are) that there will be great difficulty about this, for the vessel on which I am writing is stuck hard and fast, and thumping and humping in a howling northeaster. In answer to our sinale for assistance the Commodore who has come down to take command of the naval portion of the expeton, replies that nothing at present can be done for us, as it is dangerous, end we must wait for the weather to moderate before any attempt can be made to relieve us. This is a very pleasant state of affairs, considering we have only four casks of water in the hold and no means of communicating with the store-ships. Fortunately we put our troops ashore to lighten us before attempting to cross, otherwise we should have been in a very bad condition indeed. I hope our timbers are sound and well riveted together, else I may expect to disappear through the floor beneath me, after the fashion of a pantomime trick, during one of the thumps. By-the-by, as I have digressed, I may as well mention here that General Buruside has changed his quarters from the Picket, and we are now on board a large steamer called the Guide. On the 14th, the day after our arrival, the City of New York struck on the bar, and in a short time became a total wreck (she is shown in the Illustration on page 186). Fortunately, the crew end those on board were saved in surfboats, but three other poor fellows attempting to reach the harbour in a launch from a weatherbound vessel outside got capsized in the breakers, and sank before our eyes: the oarsmen, who, luckily, had on life-preservers were picked up by a schooner. The three lost were the mate of tim ship and the Colonel end Doctor of the New Jersey regiment. Among the disasters to be chronicled on this day is the sinking of the Zouave transport inside the inlet. She drifted on her anchor and stove in her bottom. Two or three tugs got round her and took off the men.
Fthings Snaval expeditions for

correspondents to go upon, Before I get through with this letter I

shall have to relate experiences that will make your readers think I am

romancing; and this suspicion will hardly repay me for the misery I

have endured during the last fortnight. Not a day has passed that it has not blown a gale, diversified by an occasional hurricane and a wreck or two. But belay there! as we nautical men say, and let me spin my yam in a methodical manner. Well, as I was saying, towards evening it blew a gale of wind, and then we found out our mistake in going to sea in a little river steamer like the Picket. The only good that the gale did us was to blow away the fog-banks that ever and anon enveloped us in their damp and opaque folds, giving us a chance to judge our whereabouts. But, alas I it also brought us many ills. The "white hones" raced madly over the ever-increasing mounds of green water that piled themselves on our bows, a heaving barrier to our progress. Vastly the little vessel dipped and staggered forward; before she could rise to one sea another would strike her and send her reeling baA, spare and hull trembling from each successive blow. We had barely sufficient power to keep her head to it, and, as all hands held on, there were many anxious glances at the coming wave, speeding along as thouh it would engulf us on its way. About midnight we saw the lights of a steamer half a mile distant on our port bow, and to attract the attention of those on board we fired a totted gun astern of her, which had the effect of bringing her within speaking distance. She turned out to be the Eastern Queen, a large ship belonging to the expedition; and, as she rose and fell within crushing proximity, we hailed her Captain to lie by us till daylight. Not a soul on board closed their eyes in sleep during the long dark bouts that waned not. Once I thought we were gone, for, while clutching the after-davits, I found myself buried in the sea up to my waist, the gunwales rolling completely under. In that one moment I recollected the most trivial occurrences of my earliest boyhood thirty years of unimportant existence flashed through my mind. But this mental biography was brought to an abrupt termination by the return jerk of the vessel, which wrenched ma from my hold and deposited ma, with a bruised head, amongst a pile of ammunition-boxes. Day broke with a leaden sky, against which the angry, white-crested waves raced their mad career over the reefs of Cape Hatteras, that threw its headland oceanwards but eight miles distant. From our hurricanedeck fourteen steamers could be seen labouring to weather this storm-point. How should we fare with our small-powered engine and cockleshell boat? Bravely we breasted on staggering beneath the giant blows of each successive sea, our decks swept fore and aft and all on board reeling from side to side like drunken men. One figure steed immovable grasping by the bits1 scanning the horizon for traces of ships as we rose on each glittering mass of foam. It was the square, manly form of General Burualde, whose anxiety for the fate of his army was intense, many of the vessels on

 On the 15th we changed to the Guide, and had scarcely got

on board when a barque came crashing into her stem on, driving

her jibboom into our galley, and scattering the cooks and pre-parations for dinner. On the 16th the wind changed from a gale of wind from S.S.W. to a still harder blow from ltW., preventing us from making any progress with the lightening of the ships that were to cross the bulkhead. Measles were reported to have broken out on some of the transports, with a few oases of fever. At dark all hands were startled by the report of a heavy got, and on reaching the-hun-icanedeck we saw a large brig drifting rapidly on to the bar. As it grew-darker and her outline became less defined the excitement became intense. It was evident to all she was ins most critical position, and every moment might be her last. Slowly the black hull rose and fell, each time gliding nearer and nearer to the vortex of white breakers, which, once amongst, nothing we might attempt could save her. Saddenly a fringe of musketry fire surrounded her bulwarks blue-lights wereburntin her tops, and imagination brought us through tke howling blasts the despairing shrieks of the terrified soldiers crowding her decks. Volley after volley succeeded each other in rapid succession, and yet apparently we could not help her; none dared face the tempest and, perhaps, share her doom. General Burnside boarded every steam-tug in the harbour; offered any reward, and also to go himself, but all held back. Were three hundred fellowmen to be launched into eternity, their death-cries in our ears, and yet no effort made to save them? Hurrah! one brave seaman volunteered to take his little steamer out, General Burnaide jumped on board of her, but, at the earnest entreaties of his friends, he delegated the honour of the position to a member of his staff. Anxiously we watched her progress through the troubled waters, battling her way and wrestling with the wives as she advanced on her mission of mercy. Fortunately, she reached the bar before the brig had been thoroughly drawn into the breakers, and, getting a hawser to her, succeeded in rescuing her from her perilous position. When the steamer returned she had scarcely a vestige of bulwark or paddlebox left: all had been smashed and carried away by the force of the sea. In fact, each day has seen some narrow escape or bad disaster. There are at present four total wrecks and five or e ix vessels on shore, the last evil report being the loss of the Poonhontas, with ninety horses on board, twenty-five of which only were saved. The oboe reached the shore by a warp.

Jan. 26.

With one exception, when it blew a topsail breeze, we have had a

continuous howl from all the points of the compass, making it next to

impossible to progress with the lightening of the vessels destined to cross the bulkhead. Probably the greatest misfortune of all is the non-arrival of six water-ships, on which we depended for supplies after our ten days' rations had been consumed. The consequence is, the entire fleet is on short allowance, with no immediate prospect of relief, as m all probability the expected vessels have been lost during the fearful hurricane that prevailed with unmitigated violence for three days, and only ceased yesterday morning. During this time we on board the Guide were thumping our bottom out on the bulkhead, and have only just been got off, while at least a dozen other ships displayed their colours, Union down. Most of these weresuffering from short allowance of everything, but no help could be given them till the fury of the storm had abated. Our position was the most problematical of all, as our safety simply depended on the strength of the ship's timbers, and her power to endure the continuous straining as she thumped from aide to side inber bed of send. This morning wehave news of another wreck outside the spit. Numerous bodies have been washed on shore, but, as nothing remains of the vessel, we are ignorant whether
she belonged to the expedition or not. The probability is she one of the reisaing waterschooners.

I have been here long enough to ascertain one fact., arid that is, with a few exceptions, General Burnside Is the only competent man in the expedition; and, from the personal respect and friendship i feel for him, I trust he is not going to be made the scapegoat of the apathy, supineness and incompetency of others. The Cnnmodore whose duty it should have been to attend to everything connected with the sea transport of the troops, has shown himself but twice in the quarter. gallery of his ship, and each time with his hands thrust deeply into hjs pockets, gazing listlessly at ships running ashore or drifting into each other. General Burnaide, on the contrary, has performed all the duties of a harbour-master, narrowly escaping being swamped on more than one occasion. Whenever a ship has been in distress the general hasbeenthefiratmanoff to herassistance; andthere isnot a grade in his army that he has not fined during the last fortnight, so an:xiona is be for the weilbein and comfort of his troops.

To-day is fine,  more steamers are working over the bulkhead;

in all probability the first brigade, escorted by the gun-boa, will be on its way to Roanoke tonight. The General changes his quarters this afternoon to the Spalding, and I go with him. Iii a day or two, I presume, there will have been many heads broken; for, if we can believe the contrabands who make their way here hourly preparations have been made to give us a warm reception. They tail' us the Confederates have a dozen gun-boats and some powerful shore batteries mounted with lOG.pounders. In our expedition then cannot be less than seventy or eighty guns afloat; and so I suppose when the entertainment commences there will be lots of noise made.

This letter leaves by a bearer of despatches, who has promised to mall it for me in Washington. If next will probably contain the account of a victory or a defeat, ould nothing in the shape of shot

or shell interfere with my pen or pencil. p V.
