The news brought by the Damascus and the City of Washington is of interest. The latter vessel called at Cape Race, and brings New York telegrams to the evening of the lstinst.

The Federals under General Sheridan, in the Shenandoah Valley, remained it Cedar Creek; and the Confederates, whoheld Newmarket and Fisher's Hill, were said to be in strong force. The Secretary of War had issued an order thanking General Sheridan, his officers, and soldiers for their brilliant victories.

General Grant's army made, on the. 27th ult., a reconnaissance in force of the Confederate lines, both on. the north and on the south of the James Hirer; and the result was that he Federals resumed their old position. There were, we are told, casualties on both sides, and the iCedenals took 1100 pnisonets. The latest despatches state that itt this reconnaissance the corps commanded by General Grant in person had 1501) men killed and wounded, while the losses sustained by General Butler's corps, on the north of the James River, were still heavier.  -

General Beauregard had formally assumed the command of the

Confederate array of the south-west. He has issued an address

granting an amnesty to absent soldiers returning within thirty days. He says lie joins the army full of hope and confidence in the struggle, to strike a blow winch shall bring success to the Southern array and a triumph to the cause of peace and to the country.. The Confederates under General Hood were reported to tare attacked Decatur, bn to have been repulsed, and to have their crossed to the north of the Tennessee River; and later despatches represented General Hood to have been on the 30th ult. at iypreseCreek , north of the Tennessee.

 General Price's army was stated to have been routed, dispersed, and driven below Fort Scott by the Federals, who took two generals and several guns, and recaptured many of the prisoners made in Misouri by the Confederates, whose defeated forces were said to be retreating into Arkansas:

The Confederate General Forrest was said to be threatening Columbus arid Pnducah in Kentucky; and it had been reported in Louisville that Padncah had actually fallen into the hands of the Confederates.

The Vines correspondert says :-" A great naval and military expedition to attack Wilndnton, fitted out at Fortress Monroe, and consisting of forty ships, including several ironehads and 40,000 troops, has been placed under the command of Admiral l3orter."

At a convention of Governors of the Confederate States, held at Augusta., it was resolved to prosecute the war to the last extremity, and that the Confederate Government should be anthonised to make levicsof negroes for military service. It was asserted that during the winter the Confederates would arm and drill 300,000 negroes.

President Davis has made an important speech at Columbia, Son tl

Carolina. It is full of defiance, and calls energetically on the citJzemi of the South to rally to the support of their cause. He utterly repadiates peace negotiations, unless based on the principle of Southern independence.

The Confederate Congress was to assemble at Richmond on the 7th inst.

President Lincoln has issued ii proclamation setting apart the last Thursday in November for a day of thanksgiving and praise to Almighty Cod for victories over the enemy.

The Republican end. Democratic parties were imputin. to each other monstrous frauds and forgeries in regard of the soldiers' votes. The Governor of Kentucky hind issued a proclamation ordering the Sheriffs to arrest any military officers who might attempt to interfere in the approaching elections in that State; and the Governor of New York had likewise deemed it necessary to forbid military interference at the polling-booths.

The proposed new Constitution for Maryland, which was rejected by the civil votes, has been carried by those of the soldiers, giving an absolute majority of 193 in its favour. The people have, howevcr, appealed against the legality of the ldiers' votes. The Supreme Court at Baltimore had refused an application to compel the Governor of Maryland to throw out the soldiers' vote.

The puce of gold had been rising in New York, and on the morning of the 1st inst., the date of the latest telegrams, it was quoted at per cent nrtuiiirrn
A statement was published some time ago to the effect that

aptein Semmee and about 100 of his men had sailed from Liverpool in a

vessel called the Laurel, which also took out with her a heavy cargo of

munitions of war. This statement was contradicted in the most positive manner; but a despatch has been received in Liverpool announcing that the Laurel had arrived at Fnnchal, that Captain Semmes was on board, and that that officer and his men, together with the stores taken out by the Laurel, had been transferred to a large screw-steamer, which is, of course, nlleged to be a new Alabama.
What has become of that large peace memorial which went over the water to Mr. Seward praying America to become united? ifas it been throwii overboard; or ha Columbia received Britanni&s little letter and put it away with a memorandum, "Not to be answered"? Alas for human coiisistency Nt. John Bright has illustrated his principles f peace like Cromwell, who took for his motto "Fax qure;-ifur Belle,' by putting Brother Jonathan on his back and telling him to keep pegging away. Well, a man may do that if he likes; but .1r- Bright has no call" to insinuate that effete aristocracies and lovers of tyrannical Governments wish the South to win in order that the great Republic may be disrupted. The longer the great Republic has to fight the larger her debt will become; and, unless some etraordinnrv fate is reserved for America, debt must produce its usual burdens. It is worthy of note that as the wax rolls on it gets deeper and more intense in its fury. This is very natural, however it may be deplored. The upheaval of the negro in the social scale seems to be, as we have always said, inevitable. He is to be enrolled as a soldier in the South. and by his courage will purchase his freedom. So that -Nathaniel Lee's mad line may now be changed in one word, and it Will bear the truth of a prophecy

Whoa black loins black then is the tug of war. - - -
AMlRICA.

We had hoped that the New York or the City of G-liuiow would

have brought us news of the result of the presidential election. Both these steamers have, however, arrived without bringing the eagerly. desired inte]lience. They were off Cape Race on the 9th inst., a day alter the election, but the weather, unhappily, was toe thick to communicate. Possibly we shall be able to give the information in our towu edition.

There is little war news of moment. Grant's army has returned to

its former position. It has been ascertained that the country around

the Scuthside Railroad is strongly fortified. During the movement the Confederates on the Boylton plank-road charged the right flank of the 2nd Corps at a point where the connection between the 2nd and 5th Corps was not formed. The .14'w York Thnes' correspondent asserts that this forced Grant to withdraw his troops to a safer position. During Butler's movement General Weitzel assaulted the Confederate position on the Williamsburg road, but was repulsed with heavy loss. Grant lost 1500 men, and captured 800 prisoners. On Sunday, the Both nit., the Confederates penetrated into Grunt's lines for some distance between the 2nd bud 5th Corps, taking numerous prisoners. They afterwards charged the breast'works, but were repulsed. According to the latest accounts, Grant's troops were engaged in building loghousos, an apparent indication that they expected to winter in their present positions.

There have been no fresh movements in the Shenandoah Valley.

The accounts respecting the movements of General Hoods and

 General Sherman's armies are obscure and uncertain. Hood, as

stated in our last Number, had attacked Decatur, and been repulsed

With the loss of four guns and a hundred prisoners.

The Confederate iron-clad 1-am .Albemarle, which had caused. much uneasiness to the Federals in the inuei waters of North Carolina, has been destroyed. One launch was sunk by the Confederate fire, and nearly its entire crew lost. It appears that the destruction of the ram was accomplished by a boat with a" torpedo attachment." A naval correspondent of the Now York limes states that the Federals have sin boats, about the size of a ship's launch, fitted up with torpedo Apparatus. The mode of operation he does not describe.

The United States gun-boat tTndiue was captured by the Confederates at Fort Herman on the Tennessee River.

The Tallahassee and the Chickanuanga, the two Confederate cruisers

'which escaped from Wilmington, had destroyed six vessels off the

era coast; and a third Confederate privateer was also said to be

at sea, and to have made a capture.

President Davis had appointed the 111th inst. for a day of

thanks gving for recent successes of the Confederate arms.

The Jschmond &.ntinef, the organ of the Confederate Government, l'econiinends the arming of the slaves.

President Lincoln has proclaimed the Nevada territory a State of the Thsion.

At a mass meeting of merchants and bankers, held in Wall-street, iii favour of M'Clellan, President Lincoln's abolition policy was condemned, and it was resolved that the financial and commercial biterests of the country reqiiired a change of administration.

The war democracy have held a meeting in New York. General [lax reed an address refusing to support the Chicago nominee or platform road recommending the reorganisation of the democracy.

Secretary Sewani had announced 1o the Mayors of Buffalo and New

'ork that he had received information of the existence of a conspiracy

ii Canada to send incendiaries into the nrinciai Northern cities on the day of the presidential election. The M'ayor of New York had replied that he disbelieved the information, but was prepared to

iaunthrn the public safety; and the Democratic journals accused the

(iovernanent of inventing the whole story in order to have a pretext for proclaiming inertial law.

A Democratic torcEliht procession was attacked on the night of

t}10 Both "It. in Pliila4erphia, and a serious fight ensued, in which a

rivmiJer of persons were severely injured and two killed.

The new Constitution has been officially proclaimed in Maryland

hy (I ovenior Bradford, the Court of Appeal having refused to issue
an order striking out the soldiers' votes. The maoritycinjm is 4Th.

Maryland is therefore declared a free State from the 1st of November.

Salutes in honour of the event have been fired in Baltimore.

The military commission have condemned Donahue and Ferry, New

York State agents at Baltimore accused of forging soldiers' votes, to imprisonment for life.

The price of gold has again risen-the latest quotation being 146 per cent premium.
rThe Great Western, a vessel bound fxom the Mersey for New

York, was, on Wedaesday, stopped when about to take her departure by order of the Cuetomhonse authorities on the plea that she had on board several pa-, uigc're who bad been lckbnappetl under yariou pretene to serve in the 3!edcrol army. The matter 'will undergo investigation.
Mr. Lafone, of Liverpool, the owner of the Laurel, states

that Captain Seminta did not leave Liverpool in the Laurel, and that he is proitively assured that no men from the Laurel joiae<i the Sea ttug at Madetra.

The Central .Pacific Railway Company state in their annual

report that they have thirty-one miles of railroad and telegraph in operation,

and their average monthly receipts since June last have been over 13,000 dola,

and expenses 8000 dais.
OUR readers will not have forgotten the extraordinary action perpetrated by the Commander of a United States war-steamer, the Wachusetta, in the neutral harbour of Ba1iia on the 7th nit., when an attack was suddenly made upon the steamer Florida, belonging to the navy of the Confederate States, and, after a few minutes' struggle with the few men who were on board, the Florida was audaciously carried away from beneath the protection of the Brazilian forts

and ships of war. We are indebted to the Rev. 0. G. Nicolay, English chaplain at Bahia for the means of publishing an Illustration of this strange a One of our Engravings represents the position of the two American ships, with the Brazilian corvette lying between them, at the usual anchorage for men-of-war, previously to the hostile movement of the Wachusetta. This position is between Fort Gamboa and Port do Mar, and is unquestionably within the accustomed harbour.

Our second Engraving connected with this subject is a view of a part of the city o Baliia, as seen from the public gardens. The domed edifice shown on the right is the church of the Benedictine convent; the opera-house appears near the middle of the View; the arsenal, distinguished by a tall chimney, and the custom-house, with proJectin ier,~re seen below. Yort Gamboa and the adjacent waters, in

w3gtte ships of wax lay anchored, rther to the lef t haad.

hich would be fa
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

Ii,, any one following on the track of Dr. Thompson, in his expior

ation of the "sensational" in literature, were to ask for the tap root of 'this gigantic growth, be might find it in that natural curiosity which attaches to the perpetration and perpetrators of all great crinies. Have not two hag books, "Lea Crimes Cilbres" and "Lea Cau,es Cfldbres," upon this absorbing topic, reached England from Fnuaco. two a,nongst hundreds? Do not the "Newgate Calendar" and the twenty-seven volumes of "State Trials" find their purehOsers; and have we not bad "Curiosities," and and certain Chroaicles of crime whence, as from a reserve, the captains of fiction have drawn great armies into the field; and, lastly, have we not all during the bet week been watching the last act of a murder-tragedy with wonderful interest? Again, were we not all intensely relieved, nay, as much "overjoyed," as the newspapers had it, as good Dr. Cappel himself, when he ran down the ladder - into the prison, crying out, "Thank God he has confessed"? Yes, the chief actor in this dire tragedy, who, by wickedness, force of character, obstinacy, stupidity, cupidity, or what you will, had raised hiunsel t to the had eminence he occupied, had moreover attained a certain mastery over the weaker minds by which he was surrounded, and had impressed them with an idea of his innocence. So in this "sensational novel," which we all read in the newspapers, the ititerect was wrought up to one point, and the culmination-the secret 'wing well kept-only took place at the very last second of time, when, before that fatal trap opened which let the murderer foil from Time to Eternity, he muttered the words, "Ya, Ich habe es gethan "

Yes, I did it," and thus took a load from all our breasts. The law of the country was well, vigorously, and yet gently administered, and in the whole trial there is nothing of which England need feel ashamed. Nor, certainly, need anyone feel ashamed at the intense interest which a great crime awakens. "But for the grace of God, there goes Win. Huntingdon," said that preacher, pointing to a criminal.

In reference to this railway murder, the story of which has travelled over all America, Mr. Sala, in his letters from the "Midst of War." reminds usthat we are not, after all, the worst off asto travelling, though

our.ages are isolated boxes, and there be little or no commullIca

M11 g

tion between them. In America they go to the opposite extreme, and, as everybody knows, one can walk down the centre of a carriage contauLug a hundred or so of passengers. But selfish and dishonest humanity takes advantage even of this open-class travelling, and e gang of 200 ruffians, on the Erie Railroad, lately robbed and insulted every man, woman, and child in a train, and then quietly effected their escape. We may leant from this that convenience and safety in travelling are not to be attained by any one plan, but that they lie, as everybody of experience always supposed them to do, in the middle of two syetems. Saloon carriages are usefol carriages reserved for the unprotected female are indispensable also, and a communication or thorough outlook for the guard we must have; and this might be done with a reflecting mister placed in front of his seat, so that, whichever way he tinned. snv sienal from a carria2e would catch his eve.
As sold goes Lip in Nos7York, and disasters looked at at first by the iminishing end of the telescope assume their real proportions, so the npes of the Confederates rise had their partisans come forward. Mr. pence, the "S." of the Thus; whose letters on American affairs are [ways read with interest, has again favoured the public with his views a the "fratricidal war," and, like most Englishmen, is hopeful of tie effect of the slave soldier of the South. Everybody's vatieination a servile war seems to be wrong. Pompey or Caesar, the bone contention, may in the long ran remain master of the situation; 2rtainl we believe that the ne--To race will be the only one which

ibe. Y

ll e fit by the contest. If great situations produce great men, vi man is the creature of the creative circumstance, now is Caesar's inn, if he do not come forward, he must he content to remain U/us for the next generation. A black Hannibal, on the part of in North, contending with a Scipio Africanus from Alabama, or somehere else south of Meson and Dixie's line, would go far to settle

equestion of the equality of the races -

Doiin in Tennessee. By Edmund Kirke. (1 vol. Sampson Low,

ion, end Merston.) The writer, in May, 1863, set out from itis not easy o discover whence, but probably New York, to visit the South-west.

More than a year later he went to Richmond where he had an inter'iew with Mr. Jefferson Davis. The book. makes one smile and sigh alternately. It is full of anecdotes, amusing, and distressing of the American civil war, and it gives but little hope of an early end of the searisome strife. The writer concludes :-"There can be no peace so ong as Mr. Davis controls the South. Ignoring slavery, lie himself
states the issue-the only issue with him-union or disunion. That is it. We must conquer or be conquered. We can negotiate only with the bayonet. We can have peace only by putting forth nil our strength, crushing the Southern armies, and overthrowing the Southern Government." It was in July, 1861, that the writer and Colonel Jaquea had audience of Mr. Davis, and peace seems still as distant as itwasthen.
Two-HEADED SERPENTS.-III the Proceedings of the Boston

Society of Natural History (U.S.) is an account of two specimens of mon

strosity in serpents given by Professor Wyman at a meeting of the society,

One of these was a young black snake (Comber constrictor), which bad two complete heads united to n single trunk. The vertebral column was double for a short distance behind the head, and over the same region the transverse block bands usually found in the young of this species were divided lengthwise. The second was a water-adder (Tropidontoua sipedon), belonging to the S
