UtERtCA.
(SEIMeLtAva 1NV%,sION 0 ThE nWrnt.
The rumours which had for some time heart eurrent that isral
Lee's army was about to act on the offensive woe', it turns out, wefl founded. The Confederate General hxe advanced with groat rtqn.t)ty northwards, pushing ajxtrtiun of his troops, coatslstlegof oavsJry and mounted infantry, far Forward, so as actually to enter the State of Pennsylvania. (isiteral Lee's advance maccod on Saturday, the 18th ult., end the total force with width he is making his cornbiuntinus is estimated to he but a little shortof 1041,1101) men, of Whom 811(8141 nrc said to hi cavalry. They w.-re ,itvtsh. I hilt three h 154. and s,,-m In have made but slight work ( Sit' t',estst 'cn that was
Itch ad cn cc','. .\tWimtrli,f,r (it.ncral .111111Y attempted Ca
	tlicir	cut the ccctwccrkcc itlcic'h ht- tic-1 c' "Sr,ccted wave
stccrtcinl, cecil, after spiking his 'cimcs, he retinsi upon I Larjcer's Ferry.
An attempt was made to out oil lila retreat, but this he seems to have
acs-nnosuned with a loss of 2000 m aid evemrtuelly nesde VA his
way to Herpes's Ferry. to which point the Petkwats at zfaislnsbzwg
and Barryv{Ile also made their way in retreat. At role slim, Harper's
Ferry was abandoned but the Federals have re'iuiicc'l picesusthnt of It..
All this was on the iLturday and Sunday, and oil i[uniIay Itzssnilat
the Confederates had crossed the Potomac, and were at
in Maryland, with a large force, of which ii, was said 11,1)01) wss
cavalry, divided into three colcuns of 1104)0 mni each, On the
Tuesday they advanced to Greenca.'ctle, and then to Chamnbeta-
burg, in Pennsylvania, whew,, according to one iwentuit, a fares of
21)00 Confederates rested t twelve o'clock that night. The Nova Scotian brings a few hours' later news to the evening of June 20, Se the effect that the Confederates had advanced to Contrsis'ilk and defeated the Federals there, rMntr was threatening Lciesburg1 and Hill was at Dumfries. On Thursday night, the 111th, the Confederates transported their atoms across the P,tottcne to E11agsratown, and it was said that they intended to make it their head.qnartts for raids into Pennsylvania. One important rsunnitt' is mentioned in thu news brought by the Nova Scotian. It is that she Union ista ire Eastern Tennessee and Western North Carolina had rabssl a powtirftml force to hold that region against the Confederates,
At Harrisburg, the capital of Pennsylvania, distant but fifty miles
from Chsmnbersburg, there was naturally conatornatdin, unit the State
archives and all public property of value were removed. The Covert=
issued his call for troops for State defence, and the President united in this by summoning 100,18)0 men to be mushnvcl into the military service of the United Stattit to serve for six monihis. Of thee,'. M),000 are celled for from Pennsylvania, 110.000 from Ohio, and 10,1)01) frees Maryland and West Virginia rccpectively. The volunteering for a short period has been generally, wiu'ntlysupportiri, but in Pennsylvania it has been necessary to assure the men that they were only called up to resist invasion. New York has raised fourteen regiments in four days for service in Pennsylvania, arid Harrisburg and Pittaherg have both been atrongly fortified.
Hooker meanwhile has abandoned his 	c1I.lwscise Fm'lcritkq-
burg, and is moving on a line liarallel whiz that Lco hint talceu
northwards. His base at Acquia Creek is al- abandoned, and his
V su ties have been reinoved to Alexandria, hi% imm fia~w. At
	Xpr, enton, about the seine distance from Washington its left! icrickpburg, a little west of north of time latter plain, lt has his betelquarters. Lee is supposed to be at Front Royal. twcicty.hi so milm north-west of Warretiton.
	It is a moment as critical WI any in the war. As tic tee's pin" nothing, of course, is knowu-wlsct.hier he will turn tuwerd Westemrrs Pennitylvania, splxiicg lie eludes Hooker's main ('iris'. or whether lie will direct his way eastward towards Ilaitimiticre or Philadelphia. Hooker divined the intention of his alveriasry 10 mak this a.ivanoe,
fand had for sonic time held hit forces in itcstscct realimuws to follow,
		The	Government, too, nimube acids icidharation as tIy could by
		creating two military depni'tintnts for East art) We'i. l'ccctnsytvctula
		and appointing officers of high rank to command.
			RICHMOND TILIMATKNEV.
		On	the Yccrkfrtwn isidiusciha there are siis of Fw'kral air.,.
		tivity. cia we Itain front Richmond ac iin . The !'edersl gun-
		boats have pushed imp the Chickzehomnjny, wiliclic fifty miles of I-inch-
		Oconci, and	a considerable force is co-operating edth them. General
	P	eyeas command, which has for some time boon posted at West
		Point,	has lately advanced to New Hoot Couttitonsti, about forty
		nuts from the Virginian capital, and, in face of those deraonstrstiossc
		the Confederates havo retired behind the Cliickahonnlny, It is ask!
	e	that Richmond is very strongly defended and fully garrisoned.
			yxorisnumso.
			From Yicksburk we have news to the li3thi tilt., at which three
			affairs were, according to Northern accounts, favourable to General
	is	Grant, The Federal; bad pushed their approach within twenty yards
			of the bastion, whilst Pemborton is said to receive reinforcements
		and supplies, during the night, frozu the tithes side of the MiasiaslW
The Federals yet hold possession of Black River Bridge, and their opponents are declared to be at least thirty miles from the rear of Grant. One despatch stations a body of Confederates, to the number of 5000, at Jackson; another of 5000 at Three City; arid a third of 15,000 at Canton. The Richmond papers state that tica erai.Tehnstnee had cut bra way throrgh Grant's arery, and that the slope weul'l in
consequence be raised, This report, however, was net credited. Tile beoieged appear to he reduced to sheet rations.
GENERAL NEWS.
	In Termessee there are said to be sires of Confederate increment, Contrary to the general opinion, Bragg has been reinforced, whence ts net stated, but he is believed to be ahent joining with Buckrrcr to invade Kentucky.
	The Indiana enrolment ereitereent continues. A general dicing ehlnntien to submit to the draught is apparent all ever the ceantry.
A military beard has been appointed to settle this rlainss e
Generals Butler, Fronrent, M'filelian, Bank,, and Dix for military precedence of rank.
President Lincoln had sent a reply to the committee who forwarded
bins the resolutions passed at the Albany Vailaurighara erecting. Tb President says that the ordinary law courts :us inadequate Ic th emergency. He continues -" Military arrests raid the saspeesies. r the Habeas Corpus Art are constitutional wherever public sefet: demands it. Mr. Vshls.ndigham was arrested by the military hecasra lie was warring against the military, hylabem'irrg to prwvsnt th raising of troops and encouraging desertion." President Linreha states that he does not know whether, in his ewe discretion, he words have arrested Mr. Vailandigharn, but he thinks commanders in th held better judges of particular eases. Ms will discharge Mr. VaBen -dtghrnr as seen as he can by any means believe that public rafet1 will not suffer by it.
	There are now about 80,000 celdered troops in the Federal rain: and 5000 coloured men in the Federal navy.
The New York Herald says-" Since July, 1802, 57 steamers ace
51 sailing-vessels left Narsan for the rebel ports. Fifty-see of tb ierrner and 45 of the latter landed their cargoes, affording hesnens aid to the rebels and realising vast sines for the spersslators. Ferty four steamers and elS sailing-vessels reached Nassau frern th Confederacy during the same period."
	The privateer Clarence, the tender of the 8ortdr, hss raptrnerl seven brigs and schooners off Virginia Caps. The captain of ties Clarence transferred his grins to the barrios Srrroey, which be had captured, and burned the Clarence. Twenty-five Federal vesoris have left Northern, pests to captors the barony and the Ceqoerie. 'l'hc privatscr,Taprn has captured the ship Dictator.
HOUSE OF LORDS.-T1rEsDA.
iCOP aDo LIEnS roeeuanu .Li]ii W, .Jw.ue V11- U 1-
In answer to Lord Stratheden, Earl Russell said the French Ambassador bad
called upon him that afternoon, and informed him that there was no truth in
the rumour that the Paunch Government Intended tomake any conununjeation
to bar Majesty's Government in reference to mediation between the Northern end Southern States of America.
Th]L..1 P 4- -1 dV.,	h1.. ....I 	IlL L..&.. Ll,..L
HOUSE OF OOXMOS.-TmtsDAY.
bad a		albumr. athi,mh ,a,,,,
T
MI.	ard, reply to Mr. Faster, stated that no commuatcatioll bed been
I	received tram the Wench Gotecurnent since last autumn In roferedothe inter-
	ference in the American war. 	-
	1	at-. r		i.i.t . ILL.L 1)111 sleet . tbe math
	Mr MOEJflrC mçcm't an address to the C ipreylog that her Majesty woald bsgeeiooal).pleased to enter into negonanono with the great Powers of Eeeoie or the purpose of obtaining their cooperet1eu in the recognition of the Independents of the Corifeekicoto States of Worth America. He contended that the South, by their gallant defence, and even by their victory over the North, bad earned a rig u to a iecegnIUon of their independence, arid Ms en even ground of international polity. Those States ought to be because it was their right, and alto because it was =to do so In reference tothe supply of cotton sugar, slot teilmatco to this coon. ThThtitoI States unto becoming tho btlllce of e wosia, and be we cajoles to eat the baimito at power oqsusllecel on
the A continent by the recenatriection of the Union.	Ire urged
that abS thee bad coats	recognition by Prance end England, whiob
would pitt an end to the wit,	He stated that be wee poroonally
	anthesiord by the ruler of Prance to oxpreet his feelings on this qnssttre,
	Which were enoagel then ever to fame of recognition of the South; end lie
	was asencad by the, ROOM= himself that he had desired Eaton Guns to corn-
	aseesicato that Opinion to the English (lovornonunt, although tItle eomrntint-
cetinO wee not fenneL	The Emperor stated his ecasor, for not snaking a
	ftamsd eeunnsun$oauon, because his drepaith en the seine euhlect 010 a former
	coonskin bad teen sent bathe liogliob Government to the United States; but
be nutbocired blur. (lie. mwsouek to theta to the House that he wt v;
=Min
	In aM thiugø with England, and especially in the matter of the recognition of the gcuthern Statee. After thes, what excuse could be made by her Majesty-9 Government for not taking that step?
Lord B. Moce'rAGt moved a_a an ameedmona that the House earnestly desires
that an impartial neutrality should continue to be maintained by her Mujosty'e
Government during the present unhappy Contest in the States or ifortli Ameri
Mr. CX.IFF0RD supported the amendment.
The CEAEORLIA)B f the ExemlQUEit objected to the motion in the first
place beea000 it put into the honda of the House a function of the executive
Government; because it was at this moment oapcially inconvenient, looking to the military situation of America while the speech of Mr. Roebuck, couched as it was in a spirit of partisanship for the South, was Ill calculated to promote the object he had in view. Recognition would not relieve Lancashire. and it was ill-advised to try down that 08 a doctrine when ft was clear that this cenntry, to produce such results as were implied by Mr. Roebuck, could not stop at recognition, Almost every Man in England wished the war to come to a close, but he denied that recognition would promote that and. There was acareely any case of recognition, paneling a contest, which was not followed by war in order to carry it cut. Me eoxitonded that France and England, situated as they were in reference to the States of Mnorlea, conieS mot represent in the eyes of the world the principle of impartiality in any interference between the contending Parties.
	Mr. W. K Foeos'ricut urged that the motion. if it meant anything, meant war-war to be waged for selfish consideration; war which would be pro. ducttve of every possible disaster to the commerce and the welfare of this country. In reference to Mr. Roebuck's alleged communication to the House from the Emperor of the French, he (Mr. Lorater) deprecated the poiioy at joint action with France, which inevitably led to war. d war with America, which might and probably would ensue upon our intervention, would be one against our kinsmen for slavery.
Lord It. OEctL argued that the conduct of the Thaited States in oases of
recognition precluded them from objecting to the adoption of that course-, and
he urged action in reference to the re-establishment of peace in the Interoete of
a large population of our own, which was desolate, owing to the teilitixo of the
cotton supply. 	-
	Mr. BRIGHT said that the motion, token in connection with Mr. Loobaek' character, his speech on this occasion, and speeches elsewhere might be taken so on addreae to the Crown asking for a declaration of war, wofie he asked the Moose to accept the lead of the Emperor of the French in this matter, a potentate In whom not long ago he declared he had no faith. Ho contented that the feeling which dictated this motion rested on a moon jealousy or a base fear of America. Re denied the power or the will of the United States to act aggressively towards England or any other European nation, and he protested against Mr. Roebuck raising a cry calculated to. bring on hostilities, between this reentry and a friendly nation, whllat he would seek alliance for Ids country In a slaveholding State.
	Sir ta GREY, in reference to a statement by Mr. Roebuck of the readiness of the Emperor of the French to act in conjunction with this country for the recognition of the South, stated that no communication whatever on that point lead been made to her Majesty's Government.
The debuts was adjourned to Thursday.

-	HOUSE (11? flCthflTCthTS		csvsn a v
- Rival companies of Americana aM Italians have settled
Parratone Island, In the FeotSo, e$rty '- '	° 	Prenelsec, for the
purp000 of collecting valuable blrde eg'e there, A desperate fight recently
took place between the ci vale, In Which meny were mortally wounded.
- 'vl,a ni reePEib announood of Frbnxee Anna VMS 11 ire tisa
nrgitlOx.
TIM CONFEOEISXT5 ONVA050X OF TnP NORM.
	We leave reports-eat, however, vet precise-o the movements of (loners! Lee to the 27th tilt. This conch seams certain, that a large portion of else Confederate forces had passed into Pennsylvania and
.3laryleod, seed that General Lee was endeavouring to isolate Washington from the north end east as well as from the west. Thus far General Leo has been enabled to carry out his plans without receiving any material cheek. One division of General Lode army is said to be altvsncingto Bisdd'e Tarry, fifteen miles below Weohingtoo, where, with the aid of the pontoons the Confederates 1mm carried with them, the passage of the Potomac can, it is stated, easily be effected. This division would probably march upon Fort Washingtoss and re-establish the batteries which formerly commanded the Lefrer Potomac and affected the sea communications of the Federals. Soothes- body of Confederates fret proceeded to Maetfnahnrg, a town distant only a few miles from Harper's Ferry, and thence they proceeded along the Baltimore and Ohio Mathcad as far west as Cumberland, a part of Maryland which almost unites Pennsylvania and Virginia, and is at the sauce time brought near to Ohio by the great railway systese of the Middle and Western States. According to the Baltimore correspondent of the Nine Merle Herald General Lee was in strong force at Frederick City, Maryland, on the 25th of June, and thence would either move on Washington or Baltimore, or pass to the railroad between Washington and Baltimore. General Hooker was also moving, and the right wing of his amay was said to be at Hageretowu.
	So imminent is the peril that is supposed to menace Baltimore that the most cogent appeals are made to the people by the Government, the Mayor of the city, the councils of the military authorities, and the newspapers, to toes act to work on the intrencloneets which are being hastily erected for the defence of the city, said to enlist in the various military orgeensahano.
s-	The despatches complain that there is universal indifference amen
	I lee people of Pennsylvania regarding the invasion. The due Tsr
	Tfcrsld says that "the inhabitants scent to have lost oil spirit, said
el	either retreat rapidly at the epprmch of the Confederates or exhibit
Ii	a strange apathy. Bran the troops from New York or New Jersey
	ore net received with cordiality or enthusiasm, but the inhabitants
el	ecdeavnnr only to profit pocuniarily by their presence."
is		Immense mischief scams to have been done to the Northern cause
)f	by the defeat and retreat of General blihny from Winchester, that
d	lecy of the Shenandoah Valley which has so often changed owaara
t,	daring the last three years. The flenthemers claim to have ceeptoroel
)f	front Milroy 6500 prisoners, 2100 horse,, 100 waggono, and stores t'
5	ties value of 2,000,001 dnle.
5		The Weshington correspondent of the Nets Thr'lc Hereld gives the
55 	following seminary of the Confederate strength and movements
ey General Lee, for a week previous to msvisg from Oalpepper in his last mye-
dc	tenses movement, cave orders, which were sirirgeselyonfarced, that no perfien,-
Ce)	soldier or citisee, shield be allowed to mace or leave his lines. It Is said that
	his army commenced 10 move on Oalnrmlar, and cautioned to pass throngs
	Calpeoexeer fining all the intervening period see to Thursday of the succeeding
	tomb. His force to said to leave consisted of Basil's corps of 15,000 men, evbo
	msrehed out first, Laegseeeet's corps of 42,000 men, and Mill's corps of 20,000
	moo, who brought VP the rear. General Stuart's cavalry, 18,000 olrasg, pre-
en	eceted the flank and rear, while Jeahico, with 1000 aces, accompanied Ewahl
Id	into Maryland, the destination of the main nertise of the army. The artillery
	is said to be In superb condition and very numerous. Staanl's command is
'U	said to consist of nat divisions of two brigades each, three regiesoati to a
	brigade, and 000 mm the average maximum number to a rogimeni. The 4th
	Virginia, the largest of oil, on a recent review, numbered 714, bat every man
	that could be obtained was preseol on this occasion.
e			'rise following are other fragments of cows telegraphed on the dates
	,		given
		blow York, Time 26-The Confederates under General Jones, with eavahl
	and arhllmy, have, after a covers skirmish, driven the Federals nader kidney
ad	out of lisccosnoliahargsad occupied that place. The Federals haeseraeested
	Carlisle, and fallen back to Harrisburg. The Confederate advance in Pan" -
in	sylvania is said to be 10,000 strong, The Governor of Pennsylvania has
he	-celled for no,ooo - militia for defence for three months. The Governor Of
of 	Illinois bee offered 10,000 men to twist the Invasion.
Jose 27, Morning- General Ewsil entered Ohamberabnrg on Wednesdal',
51 sad hosed on order forbidding the Inhabitants to sell liquor to the soldiers
th also admonishing persons not in military service to abstain from acts 5f b5
met.,. telsty.-einalng that,wmieimroam in the demands of the miliesry antherltIeewa5i
	f	lessen th0110211 goea of ware	General Ewe OPs mala form is behsved tn have halted
	he	In the rear	Ohsaenboeebnrg, hsldicg all the rssds ama psaseo In the viola, ty,
		sad aeseathig xslndsreemeaea.	Gsssral lOnely's ddvloisa of Lengeleesi's csrp
	Laq		o,
		consisting of ten regiments of infantry, -with cavalry and artillery, oeeor
		Geetysbnrg yesterday. 	It is supposed that General Early will strilie the
lIt ,Nsrtsimn tatreral BolIrsod at Hanover Isuetien or Pork, tbimy miles distant.
