A loom just completed for the open board of brokers in New

York is richly frescoed, the centre-piece representing the Goddess of Fortune emptying a salver of coin upon the heads of a bull and a bear-the latter hugging the pieces to the earth, 'while the former tosses them in the air.

___,
AP1ERICA.

Important news, iolitieal as 'well as military, has "C, the Asia, which brings &w York telegrams t the inorij

3rd inst. , S

The Chicago Convention has nominated MCl0li for

and Pcnd1ton, of Ohio, for Vico Ptesident, Th Is that, while the Union shall be maintained, eI' h, IV bring about a cessation of hostilities and a convention ,,

At Mobile Fort Morgan suriemicred, with COO prig Cr -

23rd nit., after twenty-four hours' bombardment by ti ii

and sea forces. The Confederates spikeI the cannon and

other material in the fort previous to the imrren.ler,

Another Federal success is the Occupation of Atlanta

Stanton reports that one corps of Sherman's army °'

the place. Sherman had been previously TiiOvjxu 0') r Macon Railroad which lied been cut by Kilpatrick 11 1,,,). destroyed,

trAi n.

seems to inv 1nov01 mtwf

battle ensued on the Maconioad, in wheb it 15 Said tin,

successful.

At the other great point of intereet in the r1Itfge there had also been active work going on. rather t iri

Federals, however. On the 25th ult. the Couf.dra uttw.j- , Thuicock's position on the south 1 the Reams Station on t w Railroad, and, after a desperate light, retook four of the sey the line which the Federals had ocemipheti Tue Feder  k

mated at 2000 men arid nine gtmn. while that of the ConJ •es. said to amount to 5000 men. Mr. Sttnton reports that if Grant can be reinforced by 100,000 new troop the movcments for the capture of Itiehiniouti will be made eergj,,

There are conflicting reports respecting the state of affsãs i

Shenandoah Valley. One account repreeits Early to have and Sheridan to have started in inusuit. A later te1er,1 , says that the two armies were still co:fr, "till" 0t Cold at last accounts was quoted at 21 The Minister l'lenipotentinry front the "Government or d* U Maximilian bad arrived in Wasliingtcem. Nathaniel Thayer. of Boston, and the family of tile Iste i'ileston, of New York have ea.-Ii Preiem,to,j 5.4u0 i1o1, Washington University of St. Louis. In coasequenc. of tb cent ifts the profeescrshiip of trcehiaaiq and Civil Enginee, h

called, the Thayer Professorship. mud that of Political E1- .. r1il(5tOfl Professorship.

EXTRADITION Or XCLIER.

On time 27th nit., the hearing of the extradition (ias of

charged with the murder of Mr. Briggs, was resu b. j

rnitecl States Cumnnnssioner Newton. The British Gorereisert ws TQ})rt5efltC(l by Mr. F. F. Mathury, as on the prevmoas 4 Id rssrs. Chiunmecy Selmufier and E. Blankmnun appeared for The court was thronged with spectators anxious to ., , the aeeued, who sat with an unmoved countenanre. (r, for the defence, maintained that as 'et there was nothing to i. 217' Muffler's committal. The aceuse'l bein a foreigner, het,s the treaty under which the extradition was demanded hal su"pesded, and he also adverted to the Florida as being a pir , out by English subject,-. Inspector Tanner having bean re-ersij as to the height of the prisoner. Mr. Schaffer endeas'g,j to that Muller could not be one of the two men seen in the coaps,tma with Mr. Briggs on the night of the murder. imiuijc Nca then delivered his decision. stating that, under the eireumnsrme was constrained to grant a certificate, arid commit the prisoner. b satisfied as to his guilt..

• MUller was given into the custody of Inspector Tanner, 4

New York on the 3rd inst., in the Etne, which will. an duubt. wit,

England before this Number is in our readers' hands.
For the future no ship belonging to either tile leluraI  017th

Confederate States of America will be permitted to enter a British port for th pwpose of being dismantled or sold.

The owner of the Georgia has received a cornmnnicntiol iron the Foreign Office intimating that the case of the soizare of that reese moat go before the American prize-court, and that the owner must be pro

pared to defend his interests in that court. -

Talking about oratory, what a display was that in New York the >ther day on the extradition case of Herr Franz Miller Blow idmirably logical was Mr. Chauncey Shaer. who, we are told, nee drew and discharged a pistol t the preridhi Judge. just to ring him to a speedy and. pleasant decision on the side of the irate ounsel! What a great deal of "buxicombe" the American poptdacs nfl bear! Because, forsooth, an American counsel choos to assert hat England and the United States are in a "mixed and nasoletna tate of war" a man, in whose possession the hat and watch of a iurdered man were found, and to wham his watch-chain was traced, ad whose own coat sleeve was wet with blood, is not to be: given up o stand a fair trial Even the Commissioner hesitated, and wished" te could only deny the prisoner and set the policemen at defianc, ami last felt "constrained" to give the man up I

There was, some time ago, a pretty little paragraph in the American apers, which our own journals extracted as a specimen of ghastly ingenuity. It was simply a calculation of how many miles of dead bodies, piled to the height of twenty-five feet, and being thirty-five feet thick, could be made out of those slain in the "great rebellion," as they call heir, civil war, appropriating, by-the-way, a name which Lord CIaren'lon wo hundred years ago had made our own. The next step in this arithnetical exercise was to assert that "seventy-five thousand tons of human blood had been spilled on Die's soil," a fact of which anothet merican paper disposes of by saying, supposing. then. a million of men have "spilled" more or less of that fluid, they would have averaged ic loss of about nineteen gallons a piece I Considering the fate of he "Arithmetical Copperhead" who made the fallacious calculation bore, we, with fear and trembling, call the attention of there 'ho are about to emigrate to the State of taxes in the North, as lay will be and are. "On the National Debt of Great Britain," nys the Niuv Yo* 17rl, "the yearly interest payable ts for 262 dollars of property; but for America, whose property s very much less, it is 1 for every iOi dollars, or more than two and no half times larger than the debt of Great Britain; and when they ome to reckon the difference of the currency, with gold at 2O, our ebt, says the calculator, will be relatively six times larger than the .ebt of Great Britain! Now, this is a pretty state of matters to havu mired at in three short years. Surely one may quote Hamlet here, tud say that, if this makes the, foolish stare, it cannot but make the udicious grieve. Great indebtedness on the part of America, with mly one moiety to pay the taxes, for the property of the South is neluded in the above calculation, means the almost totil exclusion )f English goods and commerce for many years to come; and tho voret of it is that the expenses are still running on, and, so far as wa

gn see there is little if anything done to stop them - -
rENLISTMENT OF IRISH AND GERMAN EMIGRANTS ON THE

BATTERY, AT NEW YORK.

Oun Engraving (from a sketch by Mr. C. D. Shanly, of New York) gives a

fair idea of the scene which may be witnessed any day in that city, where the

most strenuous efforts are now made to draw foreigners to the recruitingoffices. Castle Gardenonce a popular place of amusement, and famous because within its wails fenny Lind first sang before an American audience

has for several years past been used as a harbour of refuge for newly-arrived emigrants from all parts of Europe. Close by it, on the piece of ground known as the Battery, a large recruitingstation has just been established. Immense placards, in English and German, calling for men to serve in the army and navy of the United States, are displayed on the walls of the buildings, and the tempting sum of 000 dollars is offered to the wavering emigrants to induce them to enlist. But this sum of 000 dolL 18 in paper, ...j,. .,, -a.,e -.,,44-h 

UUIJ 111 5131U., CU JJJau, U

existing depreciation of the United States currency, it is worth but little more than one third of that amount. It may be owing to this that the recruiting officers on the Battery do not appear to be doing a very brisk business among the emigrants. On the occasion of our Artist's last visit to the place there were a good many Germans and Irish loitering around, but he did not remark any great display of military ardour among them. No drink stronger than lemonade is allowed to be dispensed at Castle Garden, and a tall Irishman was observed wincing under the application of that mild acid, with which a dyspeptic- looking soldier was trying to convert him into food for powder. Whiskypunch would have been more to the purpose. The German women-bronzed, buxom lasses, for the most part, in jaunty hats and feathers-look very sharp after their young men, interfering sadly between them and the insinuating sergeants. The fifes and drums on the roof of the principal recruitingoffice are like reminiscences of Ridhardson?s Booth. They have no attractions for the Germans, at least, who are accustomed to better music at home. In the foreground of the Engraving we observe a sell-possessed boy, with but few clothes upon him. He is a type of the unaccountable young gentleman peculiar to all American crowds-hatless, shoeless, almost nude, but always provided with the contingent remainder of a cigar, and evidently quite aware that there is no legal barrier between him and the Presidential chair at the White Rouse.
r ?t!tcr %Vfllk' 1'ajc. who hs hal t1u Ii inirf agLiti 1)3

lug bef.tn'e mern!N of the 1iyl family, lm; jt tarnj1 frn a tw

thmgh the eaooa4 towns, where lie ha mt with th, m)4t inrk' I

Master Pape uppeai at Searb oli iwtt %Viiithy oa th 214 and rd inst.
In the year 1830 there were only seventy souls in Chicago. In 1835 Chicago was incorporated into a city, and in 1840 the population had increased to 4800 It now numbers not far from 170,000

Upwards of fifty Cornish miners have written to their families

in tho course of the past month announcing their return from America on account of the great depreciation in the currency of that country. 'pa.l
We have news, by the Jura and the Edinburgh, from the lab inat, It was rumoured in New York that Mobile had ffurren Admiral Farragut, and that the (ifat, into the intri'r; but the rumour proceeded from who had conic over to General (Jranth army, awl init t with, circunispeetkn. It was, however, kuown in Admral ragut had succeeded in blowing up the steamer Nash which the Confederates had sunk in the eIlanIkd over Dog central Sherman's report of the capture of Atlanta, u .1j been published. Sherman withdrew on the 3)th nit. I om' Atlanta and reached a point to strike th ti. the right, being near Joneeboro tehofit'hl, with the lft, and Ready; and Thomas, with the centre, at Conch's. The finding the enemy at Jonesboru', intatnehed thein1v

meeting with strong oppoidtion along the zoizi. advanced iiis V. aft t

centre to the railroad, and broke it from Itough and Rd Itoward's left, near JOflia!bOi'. By the same movement Shiej ,. roxl his army between Atlanta and that portion of the reached at Jonesboro'. There Sherman made a general atlaek be enemy, capturing their works, ten gulls. and uuo irn ç Ck,nfederes retreated south during the night. 51an them to their lines, near Loveloy's Station. flood, at Sherman on his only road of inipply, and between lam and jj

irinv retreated during the night from Atlanta after an in ,  ,.

inathucs. The 20th Corps of the Federal army then oceu'à,J t city, General Sherman reported, on the Tthuixist., that he Geuwunl hood's uniny to the rear of 1uve". Station, thirty sotutlu of Atlunta, and had there fonud the tonfeieratcs, intre hji had cunsvqueuutly aitladrawn to Athuini, as the great uhjeet ot enuoga, the capture of that city, lelli becu at:aine-J. The his sneetsaful operations, during wliidi he had bat ii)() twteny'seven guns and 30410 pri'oner.

Prt.ideut Lincoln ordered a day of thauuk.iving (kept on Sau4y

the 11th inst.) for the victorie at Atlanta and M.ihule, sal tjti

his thanks to %dtahnl Fuirrogut and Gtnral ilaatnaaj. ,,

unit red in honour of the victl,ries.

Hr Gcncral Duly was, at the latc~t accnonts~. ~tilll c-,infrulating

ieridall in the hcnautk'aii Valley.

it is stated that Gencr.d Lee had drawn larg r: stne'tiuc "s

Larlv awl had ceucentrated a great force for ti 1''ie of

(;cnr.il Grunt's left. indeed, aceonPeg to lx.tt feisral and

federate accounts, both Grant and Lee were ua'fl'ratju their fsss

about l'tersbnr . and it is 1ieli.ved that a great battle for tt p. of the Wehion Railway wa" imnainctit. A liter has hwritten by Grant declaring that the Cuufederate have in their rub, their la,t man. and that, if the 'North coutiutu u dvlded, the cad tIC war ii- not far di,tant.

( ceutud (ihlam Las surprised and killed the rrillnfen jMer,'so

tueeitille. Tennstee, capturing lila, itT.

'rbe draught in -New York and Brooklyn will ne: take pLvn.

[;eueral 31'Clehlan has accepted tite nuinauien of the ialcPi " , .

tratiou. lie dec1arc fur the Union at all hln7anl-', sail of conciliation and compromise must be ercisc,l, but uuI'.a s th1 nc cintihicu of peauce. Any trto willing to ret:rn to tbe lionid be received at once. with full Couitatnnui:1l tights. A euuthnsia,tic meeting for the ratification of 3P(Ii1'5 •, the presidency has been lucid in New York.

es',rtain cwartI made a ppceeh at Auburn. X.w Yr rcn's, in v.hieli he declared that the salvation of thu t'uii uu depen.k n.n election of Mr. Lincoln: that slavery is no longer an iuc of t and will not be interfered with after peace is ickee4; ant the Democratic party is aiding and abetiutg the rebellion, He stated that no draught will he necessary, as the armies arc recruited as rapidly as required by vulinateeriug.

It is reported that General Fremout has withdrawn hIs aim as presidential candidate.

There land been extraordinary fluctuations anti a great ficeline in :i

prtiuium on gold at New York; and the last quotation was .
AMERICA.

We have telegraphic news from New York by way of Cap to the 20th alt. General Sheridan has defeated General Early, with bat7 J the Shenandoah Valley. At an ear hour on the mesa 18th ult. the Federals attacked the Confederates, and these $

furious battle, which lasted the whole day. The resalt WU 04 General Early was defeated, and was compelled to i Shenandoah Valley, with the loss of dye guas. 250 ˆ 5010 men killed or wounded, including Generals Gordas aa The victorious Federals, whose loss was heavy ad we Generals was killed, afterwards occupied Winchester.

A Washington paper asserts that Admiral FaZrsVtW

Mobile with his gnu-boats. Southern papers '

the gallant Admiral is about to turn his attention tO Uin

There is no news of the movements of either  t

Petersburg beyond a statement that the Confeties*$ e5?

made a raid into Grant's lines, near Harrisons ICII

driven off 2500 head of cattle.

On the 16th ult. General Grant arrived at Wahe

purpose, it may be supposed, of calling on, the

forcements, as Secretary Stanton had since ordo t

take place on the ththin all the States which had t f quota, Mr. Seward's assertion at Auburn that no required was therefore not correct.

General Sherman has determined to make AtI253t

military post. He therefore ordered all c!th ° b2' 1*

within ten days, and go North or South, as they mi4P'

Hood. while protesting against the o er, agreed to a days in carry it out. "Permit me to say," he wiilee.

precedented measure you propose transcends in cruelty all the acts ever brought M" But

to my attsntif In

of war. In the name of God and humanity, I 1st' ' believing that you are expelling from their honaSS t ad children of a brave people." The Southern paP5D exr nation in no measured terms. The Rk)lfls,I&1" order as "an event unparalleled in the AmedCan Anwr Sherman "the chief among savages, the captain kader among highwaymen. the prince among ard the foremost vithtin of the world," the editeI
r e, if an are left, come out and make the war, 11 horrible as it N stji more so. He says, "No matter about age now. The .0pb

last M2 and the last boy must take his musket sooner than endure

such outrages as that at Atlanta,"

The Federal despatch-boat Pawn, while on the passage from Norfolk to Roanoke Island, was captured and burnt by the Oonfederates on,

the 9,th ult.

Vallandigham, wood, and other leaders of the Peace Democi-acy 'bad renounced MICIellan, and were expected to hold a meeting shortly to determine what course they should take. Meanwhile the Republican tielcet has been elected in Maine. The Southern papers prefer Mr. Lincoln to (3eneral MICIellan on all grounds.

0

Norfolk

as d

shortly

Republican

T

1-'

h r

0

k

t a e

y y r.

The New York Democratic State Convention have nominated. Mr.

Seymour for Governor.

The Richmond Inquirer professes to see a way by which peace may

be brought about. Its plan is to make North and South one nation so far as all foreign nations are concerned, by an offensive and def enaive treaty, but with separate governments for domestic affairs.

The three Judges of the Supreme Court of Nevada territory have

resigned. alter being charged with corruption by the press, and petitioned by nearly 40,000 votes to vacate the benches.
The steam-boat Washoe exploded her boiler in the

Sacramento River on the 6th tilt. Her upper works were shattered and her ttcrn blown off; 150 passengers were either killed or wounded.
THE PICKETS BEFORE PETERsBtB.-The special corre

spondent of the Yea Feet Fit bent, writing from "in front of Petersburg," on the 5th nit., says:-" Knowing perfectly their own resources and strength, our andy can afford to daily, in a measure, with the enemy. Hence the more than usual sociability, at the present time, of the opposing pickets. On the tight, I understand, they sit on the opposite ends of the same log and discuss the war end the peace question. Some are net quite so sociable. The other day one of our officers, in stationing his pickets, said to one of them, 'Well, sit down on the end of that log there for the present, until yen get the lay of the land a little, and see what is going en,' and then went on stationing' his detail. Presently the seated picket heard a rustling through the buehee at the ether end of thelog, and a voice at the same time asking, 'Is that you, Yank ?' On being answered affirmatively, that it was 'nobody else,' Slob replied, 'Well, I guess we are getting a little tea close together; I will withdraw a little,' suiting the actien to the word. On another occasion two cooks in Colonel Stevens's Brigade, 18th Army Corps, in taking dinner to their comrades in the trenches, took the wrong by-path and brought up in the camp of the enemy. They were relieved of the dinner and sent to Richmond, and word sent back to our pickets by the dinner-eaters that they would be very much obliged for another such meal. The other evening werd was given out to our pickets by the Rebs that some ladies had come down from Richmond, and that there waste be a prayermeeting in the rebel camp, and come of our boys were invited over, but they failed to 'see it.' On this part of the line in some places the opposing forces get water out of the same springs, and the pickets traffic more or less in newspapers and other commodities. This intercourse and traffic seem to be carried on perhaps even more persistently and extensively, though a little differently, at some places on the left. The pickets have an agreement not to fire on each ether without due notice, bit it is understood that all captures by main strength or superior numbers are legitimate. This makes the pickets eemewhat shy of each other, and consequently the most of their traffic is oar- ned on in writing. They have a neutral post between their lines-a stump, for instance-where notes of negotiation said commodities of exchange are mutually left. A note or two of the rebel pickets that I have seen will more

fully explain the modes operandi:-'Please leave the worth of this (a plug of

tobacco) in writing-paper, with two envelopes. I will give you two plugs of tobacco for the knife.' 'Please mail this letter (an open letter) to my mother, in Kentucky. Put on one of your stamps, and here is one of ours and a piece of tobacco in return. What's the chance to got some coffee of you?' These notbs, with or without the article referred to, as the case may be, are left at the nearcet post, while the person leaving them retiree, and the other person a comes up and examines them and replies; and so the treffie goes on. Sometimes the bargain and exchange are made in ersoce, without the trouble of nriss. One of the pickets told me that during one of the fiercest of the Wslden railroad fights the pickets on a portion of the lines user by, not immediately u en gsged. were driving a brisk trade in tobacco, note-paper, 'Ito. Besides this t petty trafficking, not a little frank conversation on the state of affairs is known to be carried on between the more intelligent soldiers on pioket."

*
Tcstttonics Concorninj lavery. By M. D, Conway. (1 vol. Chapman and Hall.) Testimony for or against slavery can have little interest for the majority of Englishmen now. Some years ago they declared it to be infamous, and paid twenty millions to be quit of the disgrace. And Jobn Bull is said not to part easily with his money; ta patiently bear the stings of conscience rather than open his purse-strings. We may, therefore, consider it pretty certain that John Bull abhors slavery and is convinced of its heinousness; and if he reads the high-spiced stories of Mrs. Henry Beecber Stowe, it is to gratify his morbid tastes and not to satisfy his calm judgment. There may be still an insignificant minority who believe that slavery is the fore-ordained condition of the negro; that God-contrary to express declaration in the Scriptures-is a respecter of persons, preferring a sinful white men to a pious black man; and that woolly hair, ebony skin, protuberance of heel, and a peaceful, cheerful, grateful disposition reduce a human being from a man to a chattel. To them, also, testimony for or against slavery can be of little interest; they resemble the headstrong unbelievers of whom it was said, "If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded though one rose from the dead;" if they hear not Clarkson, Brougham, and Mrs. Stowe, neither will they be persuaded by Mr. Conway. And yet Mr. Conway speaks with more than usual authority: he is a Virginian, a ci-devant Secessionist, and the son of a slaveholder; his father was one of the kind masters, and yet his slaves were delighted to escape. The most interesting portions of Mr.

=Con 'a book are those in which he gives an account of how he his father's slaves to escape through Baltimore about a year and a half ago, in which he combats the opinion that "the negro is more despised and maltreated in the North than in the South," in which he treats of amalgamation, and in which he considers what rospect of snooess the North has in the present sanguinary strife. is recapitulation of the horrors attendant upon slavery were, in our judgment, unnecessary; and how far he was justified in assisting his father's slaves to escape we do not care to argue; we put down whatever value is attached to his book to the fact that it is the production of a heretofore Secessionist from Virginia, who boldly announces his views concerning the origin and probable result of the conflict now on the American continent.
THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION IN AMERICA.

GittAT N'CLBLLAN MnErINe IN UNION-SQUARE, NEW YORK.

)fn. C. D. SHANLY, of New York, whose sketch of an open-air political meeting in that city we have this week engraved, writes, under date of ept. 9 as follows:--"The nomination of General M'Clellan by the OhicaKo Convention for the office of President of the United States was ratified last evening in this city by an immense Democat•io 'mass meeting' in Union-square. This meeting was called in the name of 'the Mends of M'Clellan, in favour of free speech, a free press, and the rights of the people, and all who hope in peace and reunion.' Five large stands were erected on the south side of the square, and from these, which were brilliantly lighted with Chinese lanterns, the orators of the night, surrounded by their friends, held forth for some hours to the assembled multitude. The German stand was placed close by the statue of Washington, and at this point the scene was very striking. A powerful calcium light had been placed in a distant part of the square in such a position as to concentrate its rays upon the bronze statue, illuminating it almost to whiteness, and projecting its. shadow, sharp end black as a silhouette, upon the buildings behnd. Sometimes a skyrocket would curve high up against the dark sky, and, bursting directly over the statue, descend upon it in a shower of sparks; at which the honest Germans, who are great M'Clellan men just now-would grasp each other by the hands, accepting the omen as one favourable to their nominee. The meeting was of a most enthusiastic character, indicating a considerable degree of popular faith in the new candidate for the presidency. I send with this a Sketch of the scene described above. The boys that figure in it are trading in M'Clellan badges, which they dispose of at fifteen cents apiece. A terrible accident occurred in the course of the evening, by the bursting of one of the calcium lights, which caused the death of at least two persona, fearfully scorching and maiming several others."
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

1w a little brown and somewhat scandalous book written by the Abbot Gualdi, which purports to be "The History of Donna Olympia, whcs Governed the Church during the Time of Innocent X.," there is a story which will very readily fit the head of our excellent and venerably-juvenile Premier and the attitude in which he keeps John Bull during the American war. Two porters, it would seem, were at fisticuffs under the Pope's windows, and some were there who would have parted them, but the Pope forbad it, and the men, having fought till they were tired, made peace without any intercession. "Then the Pope, turning to Pannicolo, who stood by him, said, 'So will the French and Spaniards do when they are weary of beat

n th th a ee the seve8 vithout u,

h U e d166~  G a":", he

so " .

m m In a

0

one ~o er; eyh d rtum" rs

r m do

tl~ T

Jmo_

fia.c, to t e

or 'm y ot e ~e i d

ohe ied Y, f., -h~

p

e

-'t

ttl ~l t p.a e T i .0. pap e tw"n th

I ,_" w d

and c, ia h 2 bi d h world." It is curiously indicative of the "cocky" character of "U. S.," either North or South, that he is always defying the world. "So have we seen "-as dear old Jeremy Taylor has it, in the commencement of most of his golden sentences-, so have we seen two bantams, with torn combs and bleeding wattles, with open beaks, panting and distressed, and plumage ragged and dishevelled, separate in mutual exhaustion, and, mounting each his respective dunghill, crow loudly in proof of the victory of each. Such seems now to us the probable end of the war. M'Clellan has proved-as if we needed it-how slippery a seat two stools make. The peace men utterly reject him, and the victories winch at last seem to crown the Federal cause have probably completed the defeat, not of the Confederate cause, but of that of General M'Clellan which some time ago looked so hopeful.

If
AMERICA.

We ha'rc details of the action fought in the Shenandoah Valley

between the Federals under General Sheridan and the Confederates under General Early. The following despatch is from General Sheridan himself, dated the 20th ult., the day after the battle

General,-We fought early from daylight till between six and seven o'clock p.m. We drove him from Opequan Creek, through Winchester, and beyond the town. We captured 2500 to 3000 prisoners, five pieces of artillery, nine battle-flags, and all the rebel wounded and dead. Their wounded in Winchester amount to some 3000. We lost, in killed, General David Russell, cootmending a division of the 6th Army Corps, and in wounded, Generals

hai d ton The rebels lost in killed the following

' ar ' I T'p ~

Gen - avMod , General Wharton, General Gordon, and

CbspY gener -M .3,

W. h . j. seen them whirling through Winchester, and we are after them to-morrow. This army behaved splendidly.

P. H. S l'cIDAIS, Major-General Commanding.

P.S. I am sending forward all the medical supplies, subsistence stores,

and ambulances.

A correspondent of a New York journal gives, the following outline

of this important incident of the war:

The Federal General formed his infantry forces in four lines of battle, about

 300 yards apart, and, everything being in readiness, the advance was sounded

about twelve o'clock. The corps advanced in splendid style, and just as com-posedly as though marching at a review or on parade, drums beating and colours flying. The first line had not advanced more than 200 yards before it became warmly engaged with the enemy, who were posted in line about 600 yards distant. At the same time our artillery opened a furious cannonade, throwing shells and solid shot into the opposite woods, where the enemy could be distinctly seen moving up reinforcements, Our 'different lines of battle continued to advance steadily until within nearly 200 yards of the enemy's line, when the rebels opened a furious cannonade with grape and oanisberfrom two batteries which they had previously kept secreted, and which ploughed through our advancing lines, mowing down large numbers of our men. The first line was obliged to give way under so murderous a fire, and in retreating behind the second line, threw it into momentary confusion, and it also was obliged to fall back behin& the third line, which had in the mean time been ordered to lie down, in order to avoid as much as possible the effects of the withering fire from the enemy's batteries. The artillery was now brought up and posted in commanding positions to silence those batteries of the enemy which had caused us so much annoyance, and our line was re-formed and again moved forward, regaining the advanced position. Precisely at three o'clock General Crook formed his division, rode along the lines, and was received with most vociferous cheering, the men promising to go in and wipe out Winchester. General Sheridan, after a consultation as to the part the cavalry were to take, ordered a final charge along the whole line, which was made with an impetnosity which nothing could resist. Our line, extending nearly three miles inlength, advanced scald cheers and yells which could be distinctly heard far above the noise caused by the thunder of the artillery and continuous roar of musketry, which, for its impetuosity, has seldom been exceeded in any battle of this war. As our lines advanced closer and closer t those of the enemy the battle became more and more fierce, until, in point of desperate and fierce carnage, it will compare favourably with any similar contest of the war. The slaughter was truly awful. At every discharge men could be distinctly seen dropping all around, and the two contending lines at some points could not have been over 230 yards apart. Just at this critical period, above the roar of artillery, musketry, and cheers, and the fierce yells 01 the contending armies, could be heard the shrill notes of the cavalry. bugle, sounding the charge which was the death-knell to

larly's army. There could be seen the gallant Ouster and Merritt, each with head-quarters flag in hand, and conspicuous among the advancing squadrons, gallantly leading the charge which, in connection with the desperate charge of our infantry, secured us the victory. The stubborn columns of Early 's command were forced to give way and break before the fierce onslaught which our cavalry made upon them, who, with sabre in hand, rode them down, cutsing them right and left, capturing 721 privates and non-commissioned officers, with nine battle-flags and two guns. The broken and disorganised divisions comprising Early's command now fled in confusion, throwing away everything which could in any way impede their flight and strewing the ground with their anus. Some made for the heights of Winchester, but they were speedily dislodged by Averill, and forced to beat a hasty and ignominious retreat up the valley, where such of Early's command as are left bins are now scattered.
The President has appointed General Sheridan a Brigadier-General in the regular army, and assigned him to the prominent command of the Middle Military Division.

General Grant ordered the army under his command to fire a salute

of 100 guns in honour of Sheridan's victory.

A correspondent from General Sherman's army says that. the

Whitworth rifle in use by the Southern skirmishers and sharpshooters

is a weapon greatly to be feared as persons nearly a mile and a half from the Confederate skirmish iine have been wounded when they thought themselves safe from anything except solid shot and shell. One soldier was standing upon a log crossing a creek, about one mile and a quarter from the nearest Confederate line of rifle-pits, and a comrade was talking with him, when one of these fatal messengers came crashing through both thighs, and with this mortal wound he sank into the 'water. An officer, speaking of it, says-" They break the bone of a man's limb like a solid shot from a cannon." Deserters say that each division of the Confederate front is furnished with about fifty of these rifles, which are used in their skirmish line.

The M'Clellan ratification meetings at New York, Washington, and

throughout the North, have been great successes. Great enthusiasm was msnife4ed

LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The following telegram has been received through Mr. Renter's

office

AMERICA.

Arrival of the Pennsylvania (via Oroohhaven).

Naw Yonx, Sept. 28 (Evening) .-After the battle near Winchester, Sheridan pursued Early beyond btrasburg, and again attacked him at Fisher's Hill. Sheridan's report states that the right of the Confederate army rested on the north fork of the Shenandoah, extending across Strasburg Valley westward to the North Mountain, and occupying apparently an impregnable position. After much maucetrering, Crook's command was transferred to the extreme right of the line of the North Mountain and attacked the enemy's left, carrying everything before him.. Whilst Crook drove away the enemy and swept down behind their breastworks, the 6th and 19th Corps attacked the rebel works in front, and the whole army appeared to be broken up. They fled in the utmost confusion, and sixteen guns were captured. The darkness only saved Early's army from total destruction. On Thursday night Sheridan pushed on down the Shenandoah Valley. Two divisions of cavalry went down Luray Valley. Sheridan says if they push on to the main valley the result of the engagement will be more

Co

si al,

rrespondents' letters assert that Early!s loss in prisoners in the first day's fight will approximate to 5000. Among the killed and wounded were Confederate Generals Rhodes, Ramson, Gordon, Terry, Goodwin, Bradley, Johnson and Fitzhugh Lee. The i'edernl loss in the same battle is estimated at between 2000 and 4000 men.

General Sherman is strongly fortifying Atlanta.

General Price has crossed the Arkansas River for an invasion of

Missouri. General Shelby is co-operating. The Missouri militia

retreated before Shelby from Charleston to White Water River.

Fremont and Oochrane have withdrawn from the presidential canvass.

Postmaster-General Blair has retired from the Cabinet, at President Lincoln's req'aest.

The Democratic peace party have resolved to support General

The .Richmond Inquirer contains a report that Sherman has proposed an informal peace conference with the Governor of Georgia and

•Vice-President stephens. Numerous other peace rumours are current.
W entirely approve of the remonstrances that have lately been offered by a portion of the London press against the tone which has been much too generally adopted by public speakers and writers in discussing the events of the American war, and we desire to lose no opportunity of protesting against any kind of "utterances," literary or verbal, that may tend to embitter the relations between ourselves and our Transatlantic brethren. Without the slightest assumption of credit to this Journal for having done anything beyond its duty in abstaining from cynical or hostile comment upon the frightful struggle in the West, we may fairly assert that at no period, of the war have we permitted ourselves to be irritated into printing aught that, on its reperusal when the contest shall be over, can properly give offence to American readers. We could heartily wish that partisans on both sides would remember that the exasperating interference of bystanders in a quarrel is much more slowly forgiven by combatants than the wrongs which each supposes himself to have sustained from his enemy.

It would be absurd to deny that the supposed weakness of the Confederates, and the gallant fight which they have made

• against a force which England no less than the North originally believed would be irresistible, have enlisted on the side of the South a very large share of British sympathy. Nearly all the leading newspapers of this country have seemed delighted to chronicle the successes of the Confederates, to make the most of the deeds of their Generals, and to speak slightingly of the efforts of the Unionists. Journals which at the outset of the war described

Let it be admitted, therefore, that the English had a right to be surprised at the events of the war. Let it be said, too, that it is an English habit, in which we occasionally indulge to excess, to give our sympathy to the weaker side in any quarrel. A small nation gallantly struggling against a great one is almost certain to find favour in England, almost without reference to the original quarrel. And there is no denying that the, South, which at first 'wss not thought to have a chance, has acquitted itself nobly in this unhappy fray. If we have given too strong expression, to our admiration of the pluck of the Confederates, we have erred; but the sentiment is not one with which the North would, in, presence of other circumstances, find much fault, for it is too English a sentiment not to be American. But beyond this point we have nothing to say in favour of any Englishman who has-insulted the Federal combatants. They must have fought well, or the South needed not to have fought so hard. In fact, it would be worse than childish to allege that the great body of the English people did injustice to the efforts of the Federals, although the character of the war necessarily attracted attention to the resisting rather than to the assailing champions. If foolish words have been used amid the excitement of so strange and ghastly a spectacle, they were assuredly not the expression of the feelings of the people of England.

 It is not unfair, nor is it unkind, however, at this stage of the war, to say that we in England had considerable provocation to speak somewhat frankly on American affairs. For ten. years, at least, before the war, the leading American journals were full of abuse of this country. We are now told, arid we believe with considerable truth, that the greater portion of this abuse proceeded from writers in the pay of the slaveowners, who could never forgive England for having turned the tide of the world's opinion against slavery, arid for having made it certain that the destruction of the domestic institutiou must come, sooner or later. But it was scarcely for England to know that the minority ruled in the United States, and that the cherished and applauded organs of American opinion. were expressing only the feelings of the dealers in a certain comm modity called human flesh. We are only too happy to learn that such is the truth; but we could. not know it by instinct. Then the war came, and the Federals, not very reasonably, became enraged with us for not instantly understanding the whole case and joining them enthusiastically against their enemies. The storm of abuse continued; but it thundered, and rained, and hailed from a new quarter of the heavens. The New York people all but hanged the principal vituperator of this country; but as he and his accomplices preferred conversion to execution, they were thenceforth permitted to rail against us from another platform, and England was denounced as a hypocrite because she was not, heart and soul, for an anti-slavery war. But, unluckily for our assailants' logic, the war was declared by their own Government not to be an anti-slavery war, and, on the contrary, Mr. Lincoln repeatedly offered to put the domestic institution on. a firmer footing than ever for those who would abandon the idea. of independence. Consequently, what could England, herself anti-slavery to the backbone, do but remain neutral, and. leave the combatants to settle what it was that they were fighting for. Now, in the fourth year of the war, the question. is yet unsettled, for a large part of the sovereigns of America are for the Union at any price, while another large portion will have no 'Union. without the extinction. of slavery. And, up to the very last mails, England is still abused and menaced for a neutrality which has been sternly preserved under the most difficult circumstances which ever complicated the relations of those who ought to be the firmest friends.
the resistance of the Southas hopeless, and were almost as ready as Mr. Seward himself to fix dates for the utter subjugation of the "rebels," have long abandoned that view o the disruption, and now chronicle the story of the combat with warm admiration and treat each campaign as a new step towards Southern independence. For all this we submit that the Federals, whatever may be the issue of the war, will not be entitled to complain of us. They have certainly been at least as much 'astonished as ourselves. When the Sumter guns fired, it was almost impossible to believe that the mighty nation then defied would not make short work with the separatists, and the vindication of English journalism is to be found in the printed despatches of American statesmen. It is clear that both London and Washington were deceived as to the power and resolution of the South and it is not too much to say that could a three years' war have been foreseen it would have been entered on by the North in a different spirit from that which marked the earlier portions of the struggle. If the Federals knew so little of the will and of the resources of provinces with which they were in daily and hourly communication, it was scarcely to be expected that we, at a fortnight's distance from New York, should be better informed. We all believed that the North, with its enormous population, its command of the sea, and its governmental prestige, would coerce the South into speedy submission. We were mistaken. We saw the Federal, beaten in the field, and, for a long time at least, impotent at sea;. while the Cbnfederates grew stronger and stronger, and addressed themselves to their work with what Northern writers call desperation,, but which calmer judges regard as the earnestness necessary to military success. The South held it8 own, and holds- it still; and. the very fact that it does so in the face of all the power and bravery of a gigantic enemy is an • irresistible proof that, apart from the merits of the contest, it must have been nobly conducted by the weaker party. Here. after, the Federals will, we imagine, be ashamed of the language in which they have permitted their organs to revile the Southern. combatants, who have shown themselves so worthy of the name of Americans.
But, all this said, simply as a record of fact, scarcely as an extenuation of axy acerbity on the part of the English press,

e revert to our original protest against any bitter words touching the American struggle. Let us try to be a impartial in language as we have been in act ; let us do all we can towards humanising a fratricidal war, and let us write nothing in the hour of strife which we shall regret to read in the hour of peace. Soon may it strike I
