Massachusetts State Collection. In this the heads were more wisely separated than in the preceding one, each head being supported by a distinct neck. The tail Was also double for about an inch. The most remarkable deviation was found near the middle of the body. In this region the size is considerably Increased, end the transverse dark bands of the thin are interrupted in the middle, the lateral portions remaining. On the middle line paSsing between these is a longitudinal zigzag line, which extends the -whole length of the enlarged portion. In this region the vertebral column is double, and provided with a double set of ribs, but is single before and behind it. The doubling of the vertei,ral column in its central portion in the manner above described is of very rare occurrence, and does not appear to have been noticed in the various works treating on teratology. Monstrosities of serpents in which the head is double have been often noticed. Aristotle mentions such. Red! found one alive, sunning himself on the banks of the Are, near Plea, which was two palms in length and as large as the little linger. The heads were of equal SizO, and each supported- by a neck of two lingers' breadth hi length. usd1 preserved it alive for several weeks, end tried experiments with it. He noticed that the right head died seven hours before the left. In this case the brain and spinal marrow wcre double as far as the middle of the back, beyond -which the. spinal cord was single. The meopha us and stomach were double, but the stomachs were connected with a single intestine, and there were two bcs.rts and two livers.

- TrniSsSgu$T MARBLE-Professor. LU.
THE AMERICAN PRESIDENCY.

I itself, the election of a President of the Federal States of America could have aroused very little, if any, of that anxiety which agitates those who watch a competitive struggle. The issue was so certain that, even amongst the people for whom the event possessed a real and actual interest, the sweet pangs of suspense must have been wanting. Practically, Mr. Lincoln had no antagonist. An invitation to a four years' occupation of the White Rouse at Washington now by no means implied a pleasant tenure of an office, which, in a self-governed country, used, to be accompanied with few of the cares and. not too many of the responsibilities of state. The candidature for the presidency was, therefore, peculiarly circumscribed on this occasion,

and scarcely any individual emerged from comparative obscurity to present what has often proved the best claim to supportnamely, an. ignorance on the part of the nation over which he was to rule (to say nothing of the world. in general) of anything about him. When the contest came to be confined to Mr. Lincoln and General M'CLeUan, the priiciples on which it was to be conducted. were supposed to be defined. The one was the acknowledged representative of the Republican and the war party; the other was announced to stand as typifying the Democrats, and something more, for, while he was proclaimed as the embodiment o a policy which desired the preservation

of the Union, it also comprehended the restoration of peace between the contending States, However those who laid down. this policy proposed to carry it out, at least General M'Clellan at a very early period of his candidature, which, by-theby, seemed on a great measure to have been involuntary on his part, disclaimed all notion of being responsible for the opinions which had been inscribed. for him on what the Americans call his ticket; aecliuedto pledge himself at least to a peace-at-anyprice policy, and so eectuallyneutralised any opposition to Mr. Lincoln, which was thereafter carried on but feebly in. his name, and the race became as nearly as possible a walk over. On the face of it, then, it would appear that the principles which Mr. Lincoln professes and which in an especial manner he may be supposed to represent, have obtained a great triumph, and the policy of the Federal States may be assumed to be settled for the neat four years. It may also be asserted that the re-election of the existing President is a more decided testimony in favour of the cause of which he is the emblem than the first choice of a man who was at that time, so to speak, .& political abstraction. The force of these assumptions may nevertheless be subjected to some modifications.

 Although American history is so shortlived that events scarcely survive in memory for four years, it is possible that it may be recollected, oven in such a go-ahead country, that the

election of the 'President, four years ago, was the result of a severe struggle for political ascendancy between two parties in the State, both of which put forth their strength to secure a victory. The entire people of the United States were engaged in. this. contest; every State in. the Union. took part in it; and, as they contended for a principle, and one which enlisted all the sympathies and. all the energies of opponent parties, it mattered very little, at the moment, who or what the man was who represented the opinions of the section which was seeking to oust another from power. Perhaps the very fact of his obscurity was considered. to be an element in the triumph, of the Republican party if it succeeded.; for their immediate purpoths a Chinese doss would have suced. They did. triumph, and ere long King Log was created. by circumstances into one of the most powerful and. responsible rulers in the world. Without entering into the question of his capabilities for his great function, we must accept the fact that Mr. Lincoln has in. a manner become a necessity to the Federal party, and his reelection. has become almost a matter of course. In a sense, which is not the usual flattering sense, he is without a. rival. Not only is he practically freed from the impediment of personal opponents, but the trflrage by which he is re-elected has been changed from that to which he appealed in. his first
candidature. The -whole of the Southern States have nothing to say in this election, and with them, of course, has vanished the great bulk of the personnel of the party which fought so. bard against Mr. Lincoln in his representative character n 1860. Numerically, the Democrats have lost at least two thirds of their strength in the presidential election for the Northern States. The records of previous elections - show bow vast was the -. influence of the party I in. power in the choce of President. For years, what - was theoretically a popular election had resolved itself intoa system of succession. How much more complete must be that organised action of the ascendant power in. the State in such a matter now, when the Government is a practical despotism, and when-to take one special, though new, instance of its peculiar command of those resources which bare always been unscrupulously used in political movementsthe election could be turned by the votes of the soldiers in the large army, of which the aspirant to re-election is not ,only technically but in a very efficacious sense the Commanderin-Chief 1 Indeed, it seems almost a waste of argument and a supererogation to bring together the circumstances which would prove that the re-election of Mr. Lincoln was a certainty. Divination with regard to the effect of his continuance in power is by no means so easy.

There are those -who do not hesitate to lay down the results of this event in no measured language. With them it signifies the deliberate abdication by the American people of their right of self-government; an avowed step towards the foundation of a military despotism, towards the subversion of a popular Government, which may still exist in form, but which in substance is gone; and that the second presidency of Mr. Lincoln snay be taken as the period from which to date the complete abrogation of the American Constitution and the commencement of that transition state, so well known to students of history, through which republics pass on their way from democracy to tyranny. Again, it is pronounced that this yerieeion means, in the North, new conscriptions, abridgfl liberty, the free press fettered, and free speech suppressed; and, throughout the South, a renewed outburst of all the horrors of 'war, followed by social anarchy. It is probable that soberthinking men, even amongst those who least affect Mr. Lincoln and his policy, will he inclined to treat such high talk as maulfest exaggeration. -  -

 It may, perhaps, be permitted to some impartial ob. servers of the great contest which is going on in. America to derive some gleams of hope in reference to the settle. inesit of the question in issue, even out of this apparently snihopeful circumstance of the renewal of a Government which is pledged to a 'prosecution of the war. At least one point has been gained-the supremacy of a distinct and intelligible policy has been asserted, The Northern States understand that they will be asked to continue to carry on the war en the same scale and with the same undeviating continuity for four years more. Surely, this is a proposition which may well bring every man to reflection and to a careful consideration at once of the' causes and the effects of the struggle in which the antagonistic States are engaged. Not being prepared to give in our adhesion to that doctrine of the abnegation of popular Government by the American people to which we have alluded above, we are prone to hold to a belief that, ere long, public opinion in the North will assert itself in reprobation of a policy involving consequences so tremendous, sacrifices so awful; and all for what is fast becoming a dream of national unity, a unity founded, not upon sympathies of race, habits, and institutions, but on mere geographical considerations. -There is already a peace party, which is neither contemptible for number nor influence; and with such a prospect as is deliberately offered

- to the Federal States by the twice-chosen symbol of civil war, it is incredible but that the feelings and principles of that party will make way into the minds of a people, in the main sober, sensible, and not so over-burdened with abstract

4..,
en the same scale and with the same undeviating continuity for four years more. Surely, this is a proposition which may well bring every man to reflection and. to a careful consideration at once of the' causes and, the effects of the straggle in which the antagonistic States are engaged Not being prepared to give in our adhesion to that doctrine of the abnegation of popular Government by the American people to which we have alluded above, we are prone to hold. to a belief that, are long, public opinion in the North will assert itself in reprobation of a policy involving consequences so tremendous, sacrifices so awful; and all for what is fast becoming a dream of national unity, a unity founded, not upon sympathies of race, habits, and. institutions, but on mere geographical considerations. There is already a peace party, which is neither contemptible for number nor influence; and with such a prospect as is deliberately offered to the Federal States by the twice-chosen symbol of civil war, it is incredible but that the feelings and principles of that party will make way into the minds of a people, in the main sober, sensible, and not so over-burdened with abstract enthusiasm as to he prepared to immolate all that it holds dear for an idea,

During the period of this civil war it is computed that the Federal States have contracted a debt amounting to three thousand millions of dollars; that within three years three hundred thousand men, in the vigour of health and in the pride of early manhood, have died, and two hundred thousand more have been maimed and crippled, in the service of the North. Every family in those States has its wounded son; many have several: and hundreds of thousands mourn those who have fallen never to rise again. This is the retrospect: is it to be the prospect? No doubt the American people have shown great resolution, great aptitude to look their trials and troubles in be face; but the question is whether they have not done

 ough to prove those qualities, and whether the time has not ssr&ved when they may yield to gentler influences, and think of i'itting their political differences to other arbitrament than bat o f the sword. Again, we take on ourselves to repudiate the . ion that the people of the North have now delivered themse rca up as mere puppets into the coarse hands of Mr. Lincoln for another term of presidential power. It may be that atp,sent he symbolises a sort of vague opinion of the majority , them; but to say that, if that opinion should. change and jheir wishes take a different direction, he will be able to cool and mould such a people to purposes of mere personal ambitia1' is to presuppose in this creature of unhappy eircmnstan&'5 the commanding qualities and character of a Cromwell-a reaeiblancc which even caricaturists have not yet imagined. It i p28Sil)le that, after all, the prolongation of Mr. Ljncolns tenure of. once will be productive of ultimate benefit to the people over wht.m he has been selected to rule for eight years,' and that, by me'5 which he never intended and the eojuurrcnce of events which. he never contemplated, he

may lcronc inyohmt;u' viv.r of his country.

AM RICA.

Mr. Lincoln has been re-elected President by a large majority. According to the Times' correspondent, who telegraphed on the - 10th inst., "Mr'L. coln has at the lowest estimate a numeridal majority of 400,000 votes, and another correspondent telegraphs that "Luicolit has 218 out of the 284 electoral votes.' Mr. Andrew J'ehnson Military Governor of Tennessee, has been elected Vice-President. There were

 were jno serious dieturbances during the election3

0  any of the States.

n the night hf the 8th inst. President Lincoln was serenaded by a company of Pennsylvanians, and on the night of the 10th he was serenaded by the Columbian Republican Clubs, Mr. Lincoln declared that the peaceable consummation of the recent elections in the midst of a great civil war proved the ability of a Republican Government to maintain its existence in a great emergency, and at the same time preserve the liberties of its people. Now that the elections were over, he appealed to all parties to unite in a common effort to save the common country; and, while expressing his gratitude to Almighty God for directing the mind of the country to what he considered a right conclusion, he added that it afforded no satisfaction to think any other man might have been disappointed by the result.  -

It is reported that M'Clellan has tendered a resignation of hi-4

inajor-general's commission, and that the President refused to accept

it, and will probably offer him a command,

Mr. Seward has made a speech at Auburn, in which lie pledged the Government to a vigorous prosecution of the war and declared that there was no intention on their part to abandon the war measures against slavery.

Whilst the orth continues to breathe threatcuings and slaughter,. the South abates not one jot of heart or hope. The Message of the Southern President at the reopening of the Oonfederat.

Congress, on the 8th inst., has been published. President Davis

spoke in a defiant tone. He favourably reviewed the military, financial) and material situation. He complained of the nonrecognition of the Southern Confederacy by the great Powers of Europe, but declared that the South desired no intervention, and was able to maintain its own rights, and that peace was impossible without independence. He recommended that the slaves in the Go . .i ~ r of 000,

c he e h db e h b 0'

r tot

sh e 4 pi, e.L ~-Mv

. e of t rit gin d be empl 9yed as  e'rs,

limi 7 _ w

p -1~ . bi h ul b e

,nar ammg 'm la the end craer

se a th ar e Y, . and h quid be promised th at

v y . auarming of the

of the -wax. e d. appro ed an general levy and arming of the l ~ a slaves; but should the alternative be presented of subjugation or the

employment of slaves as soldiers, no doubt exists what would then be his decision.

A bill has been introduced into the Confederate Congress enlisting

all white men between eighteen and forty-five, and revoking all exemptions.

The war- news is unimportant, and some of it more than usually obscure; that from Georgia, especially, is "confusion worse confounded." First there was a rumour that the Federals under Sherman

have burnt and evacuated Atlanta, and started off through Georgia

towards Charleston. "This statement" adds the telegram, "reqeires confirmation." The statement is reiterated, however, by a despatch of the 11th inst., through Mr. Renter's agency, but discredited by the Times' correspondent in a telegram of the same date. The latest item is dated

the 12th, as follows:-"No particulars are yet known of Sherman's

ioovetccr.tB, h t they are reported to be progressing favourably. 1110
p.

burning of Atlanta has not yet been confirmed." So of General Hood.

There were contradictory reports that he had succeeded in crossing the

Tennessee with his troops, and that he had been foiled in the attempt,

According to one account, he has destroyed the Federal gun-boats and transuOrts at Jobrisonvifle, capturing the officers am. crews, and -taking a large quantity of stores and artillery.

General Price was said to have been again defeated by the Federals set Nwtonia, and to be retreating with his recruits and supplies towards Arkansas; and the Confederate invasion of Missouri was aparent1y regarded as terminated, for the Federal Generals Rosecra

ene PleasaxitOn had returned to St. Louis

There had been no serious operations in the neighbourhood of :Richmond, though there had been some skirmishing , caused by a Confederate reconnaissance of General Grant's left. General Lee's forces are said to be now as numerous as Grant's, arid an offensive movement on the part of Lee was exriected.

In the ShenandoaJi Valley General Ewell has superseded Early in the command of the Confederates; arid Sheridan, with his Federal troops, has retired to Windsor. There are rumours of an advance by Early, also of a co-operation movement by Longatreet and Breckeiiridge in South-Western Virginia for an invasion of the Northern States. At last dates Sheridan was near Winchester, and the Con

federates at Newmarket, receiving reinforcements,

In consequence of the destruction of the Confederate ram

Albemsrle the Federal .uii-boata had been enabled to reoccupy the

town of P'ymouth, in North Carolina.

The news of the seizure of the Florida at Bahia had been received, and had provoked much discussion; but the Now York Tiins,g,

journal in the confidence of the Administration, declared that

' America owed Brazil satisfaction and an apology, in accordance

¥with the usage of nations, for the seizure of the Florida."

The privateer Chickamaua continues her depredations.

Numerous citizens in Chicago have been arrested, charged with a

Elot to burn the city arid release the Confederate prisoners. The ernocrats have issued a protest declaring that the arrests were made an excuse for military interference at the polls.

General Butler had taken the chief command of the troops in the

State of New York; and it was asserted that he had warned goldbrokers that they must not speculate in gold to the detriment of the Government, Mr. Fenton has been elected Governor of New York.

The price of gold had varied from 260 to 248, standing at the

latter quotation.

New York advices state that Mr. Charles Windsor, for fourteen years one of the principal cashiers of the Mercantile Bank in that city, has absconded, leaving a deficiency in his accounts of nearly £50,000. The Mercantile Bank, after deducting this loss, has still a reserve of about £90,000.
The Californian papers give an excellent report of ML. and Mrs.

C. Keen's reception in San Francisco, to which place they went direct from Melbourne. They made their debut at Maguire's Opera House, on Oct. 8. in "Henry NM" and "The Jealous Wife." On the 10th they appeared in "Louis XI." Their appearance has been accepted by the critics as the revival of taste in relation to the drama. We quote from one of the papers some remarks, the moral of which, at this time, we regret to add, is only too applicable to ourselves. The writer complains that the taste of the theatre-goers of San Francisco was becoming vitiated and corrupted, although they had among them excellent dramatic talent, but no artiste with sufficient national reputation to ensure full houses or to arrest the downward tendency of stage morals. "The boards," he continues, "had become debauched by adventurers in the profession, who, lacking the talents to secure pre-eminence, inaugurated a valar style of pieces, termed 'spectacular,' in which exposed limbs and indecent rant usurped the cyeations of mind; and illustrious authors were thrust aside for the accommodation of literary empirics." Theatrical managers gratified a " depraved public taste byministering to its desires; and, withdrawing those who were really ornaments of the profession, substituted pretenders who had no scruples on the score of propriety, but adapted their feeble powers to the personation of such characters as Mazeppa and Tack Sheppard with a brazen-faced assurance that caused the 'judicious to grieve.' " We repeat, that this moral is capable of application nearer home; and we shall be glad if these remarks of our colonial critic should lead theatrical conductors and their supporters to reflect on the mischief they are perpetrating by such improper exhibitions.
