UNITED STATES.

The blockade of all United States ports, including Galveston, his

been raised, and they are now open to foreign commerce.

Mr. Seward has announced that, in conseuenoe of England not

absolutely withdrawing the twenty-four hours' rule, the Federal vessels will not pay the customary courtesies to vessels of the British -Navy. The Federal Government also refuses to recognise any transfer of rebel cruisers, and claims the right to capture them under whatever flag they may be placed.

President Johnson has appointed Andrew Hamilton of Texas, Jam-33

Johnson of Georgia, and Louis B. Parsons of Alabama, provisional Governors of those States, in accordance with the programme adopted in North Carolina and Mississippi.

Immense numbers of negroes, past work, have been expelled from the cities of Georgia. Great mortality prevails among the negroes in Charleston.

Provisional Governor Holden of North Carolina, has issued a proclamation calling for a Convention to amend the State Constitution, to elect a Governor and Legislature, and to restore the complete rule of civil law in that State. The Governor exhorts the people to become loyal, good, and useful citizens. He officially announce to the coloured people their freedom, and hopes they will become industrious, as otherwise their race cannot escape extinction. He promises to b their friend if they do right, but declares that he Will aid in iuilicliug prompt punishment upon the idle and vicious.

The message of the Governor to the Virginia Legislature urges the avoidance of all legislation calculated unnecessarily to irritate she people. He recommends fewer restrictions in the resmlation of the white elective franchise. As neither himself nor the Legislature has the control of the negro suffrage, they will not delibsrae on that question. An extra Session of the Virginia L?Zislatnrc was cnnvenel on the i&th nit, at Richmond.
The Governor of Tennessee has ordered the deem of a!

greesional delegation.

Orders have been issued to dismantle the defensive w,i.ks at,,

Washington, except twenty-two forts and thres batteries, which

be strengthened and permanently garrisoned.  Vill

The Government had ordered a further reduction of the asm by 50,000 men.

The 25 per cent restriction duty on cotton west of the

had been removed.

The country is now divided into five grand military divisjo

Atlantic, under General Mends; the Mississippi, under Sherman; the Tennessee, under General Thomas; the under General Sheridan; and the Pacific, under General Halle&

The grand jury of San Francisco has dismissed the coinpisint

against the parties charged with organising an epeditson to Mexico

Mr. Breckenridge and six others reached Cuba, on the 11th Ikl from the Florida coast. They crorcd in an open boat.

Mrs. Lincoln has taken up her residence, for the summer, at Hyde Park, six miles from Chicago.

Mrs Seward, wife of Secretary Seward, has died of bilious fevar, at Washington.

A delegation of Poles has had an interview with President Joon They say that 20,000 expatriated Poles desire to emigrate to erjca Efforts are being made to get them to rettle in Virginia.

The reading of the argument for the defence, in the conspirsey trials, was continued before the military court in Washington on the 21st nIt. Mr. Doster, counsel for Payne and Atruroti, a0jnjf guilt of Payne, but urged the Court to consider how far hj punish nient should he mitigated on account of his manifest conviction that he was doing right in attempting to kill Mr. Seward. Payne had, by reason of his Southern education, Ins participation at a tender age ia war, and by his residence in districts wherein the Federal troops had caused great devastation arid sufferinr, become a deadly enemy to the North. He lied erroneously rcgarclel Mr. Lincoln as a tyrant a usurper, and Mr. Seward as a mortal enemy to the South and h institutions, and he therefore believed luinseif right in attempting his life. The accused was, in his guilt, only a consequence of the evil teachings of slaveholders, and was no lured tool, but a fanatic, an enthusiast, and a hero. Apart from his crime, which he (Mr. Doster) abhorred, he saw much in Payne's character to admire. Mr. Desf strongly urged the Court to consider the extenuating circumstances of the case before pronouncing sentence, although the prisoner desired to chin, in the fanatical belief that, by suffering execution, he would a crown of martyrdom.

In behalf of Atzerott, Mr. Doster claimed that the prisoner had,

although at first he considered Booth's propositions, finally shrank

from participation in their exccntion, merely maintaining an appear

ance of co-operation therein to escape Booth's indignation.  -

An additional argument was read by Mr. Aiken in behalf of M

Strratt, and the Court adjourned. In consequence of hive aeriocs illness, Mrs. Surratt has been removed from her cell to more comfort. able quarters in the penite.itiary.

Mr. Ileverdy Johnson has submitted an argument denying the

jurisdiction of the military court for the conspiracy trial. --- -----
Havannab advices announce the arrival of General John 0.

Breckenridge in Cuba, after an adventurous voyage, in company with six

other prrsons, in an open boat, from the coast of Florida. The persons accorn

panying General Breckenridge were Colonel Wilson, an aid to Jefferson Davis,

Captain Taylor Hood, formerly commander of the Tallahassee Corporal

Russell, two Confederate private soldiers, and a slave of Breekenriage's who

refused to leave his master. General Breckenridge and Colonel Wilson were

within forty miles of Mr. Davis when he was captured, and Captain Hood was actually with him, but succeeded in making his escape, and on the following day joined General Breckenridge, and the party at once started rapidly towards the coast. Crossing Georgia into Florida they descended the St. John's River in a boat to Jupiter's Inlet, where they met a party of Federal deserters, from whom they secured a better boat, which they hauled across the country to an inlet of the sea. Alter performing Divine worship the little party launched their boat. They had a narrow escape from capture on the first day of their voyage. They had beached their boat on a sand-reef, some sixty miles from their point of departure, in order to hunt shellfish, which, with Indian corn, constituted their sole food on the

voyage. A Federal steam-transport came in sight, end a boat put off towards

the reef, Captain Hood and the two privates met the boat, some distance

frein the reef, and succeeded in convincing the omoor in charge that the party consisted of paroled soldiers, who were looking down the coast for old wrecks, and they wrre left unmolested. Alter a voyage of three, or, according to some accounts, eight days, involving great exposure and privation, they reached Cardenas, on June 11. They were very kindly received by the people, and the authorities furnished them transportation to Ravasinahe. Colonel Helm, formerly United States Consul at Havannah, presented Breckenridge to the Captain-General of the island, who received him with cordial hospitality said great courtesy, and L said to have assured him of a rafe ahun in the Wind.
IMPERIAL PARLIAMEWlYr.

HOUSE OF LORDS-MONDAY.

Lord Brougham, referring to conemente which had been mate with regard o his views on the subject of slavery, denied that he had ever been favourable 0 the elaveowners of the Eiouthern States of America.
On the 18th of June a stone monument, 27 ft. high, was

erected, with doe ceremonial, on a crest a little south of Renry-house, "in memory of the patriots who fell at Bull Run, July 21, 18G1." The spot selected is where Eelntzelman's division made their hardest fight, but were finally driven back by Kirby Smith. A. considerable force of trops was on the round, and a large company of civilians; proper religions exercises were gone through, some addresses delivered, and then a salute was fired by Captain Smith's Massachusetts battery on the same spot where Rioketi's battery was captured. The battle-field itself presents few evidences of the engagement. Bere and thorn a mound indicates a grave, but they are not numerous; and the only relic found was an old musket barrel.
TIM ISLAND OF SOMBRERO.

Ouxt Engraving represents one o the Leeward Islands, in th Caribbean Sea, containing t h(

natural deposit of pins.

phate of lime at present known,

The island was first visited by ar English gentleman about the yea 1814, and again by him in 1825, on which latter occasion a report was made to the British Govern. ment, but did not meet with that consideration which subsequent events prove it to have deserved, In. 1856 the Americans took possession of the island, and in the course of a 'very short time exported to the extent of 100,000 tons of this valuable fertiliser' to resuscitate the exhausted lands ol the Southern States. Subsequently

their proceedings attracted the

attention of a British surveying expedition, at that time engaged in the West Indies, as may be learned from a communication to the Royal Agricultural Society
o England, by Sir Roderick Murchiscu, who, in describing the

geological structure of the island, says:-" I have often regretted that

I hare never had t in my power to communicate anything of import

ance to the British farmer; I am now, howeyer enabled to make an

announcement 'which will, I have no doubt, be as acceptable to agriCUJtU 53 it 1Xkn1Y to become very valuable to the ,nerelmnt and ahipowner." It appears that the Americana have already quarried awny a considerable part of the island, and sold the substance in ew York. This transaction led to an ocial correspondence between the British and American Governments! and eventually the right of the British Crown to the possession of this valuable deposit was acknowledged by the tnlted States Government. Sir Roderick ?riurchison considers our holding the Island of Sombrero to be of great national importance, in pro'vidthg our agriculturists, from a British possession, with a plentiful supply of a good substitute for the guano of Peru.
Willie rape, the celebrated young American pianist, gave a

"pianoforte recital" at the Eanover¥square Booms, onPridayevenin

the 23rd of June, which was under the special patronage of their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, and was attended by a crowded and brilliant assemblage. The programme included Lien's "Grand Paraphrase on Verdi's Jerusalem," Beethoven's Grand Sonata op. 81, Weber's "Moth Peretuo," Mendelssohn's "Intro. duction and Fugue," Thalberg's fantasia II The Last Rose of Summer,' Benedict's "Where the bee sucks," and several compositions by Master Pape himself. The whole performances were most warmly and justly applauded.-Willie Pape has been engaged to give a series of pieiio.

forte recitals at the Dublin Exhibition. -
On Monday the new actor from America appeared, at the

New Adelphi, in an American play and an American character. Mr. Owens then, for the first time, presented himself before the British public, and produced a new drama, entitled "Solon Shingle." The hero is an American farmer who, in paying a visit to an American village, makes himself at home wherever he is, and practises a familiarity so free and easy that he scarcely recognizes any distinction between meum and fuurn. The nonchalance and provincialism of the character are very striking and novel; the make-up is admirable. The. old man toddles about, and interferes in every thing, intruding himself into a merchant's store at a late hour in the evening, and even into the Court of Justice, standing up as a witness in a cause with which he had nothing to do. In these different situations he spins a variety of yarns, in which the most is made of nothing, the peculiarities of character being brought out by minute details, which have no in: portalice bat as they illustrate an individuality. Altogether, this is a remarkable performance, and may make a sensation.  -

A "SHODDY" MILLIONAnUs AT NEW Yoiuc.- One day,

when Tommy was "doing" New York, he strode into TIdany's magniftcenb

jewellery establishment, on Broadway, end startled the assembled salesmen

with a loud "Show us a diamond!"" Here is one, Sir," responded an elegantly modulated voice from the "diamond department." Eighty dollars, Sir." "Pooh I not such a speck as that; something bigger.,11 "Allow me to bow you this; very pure stone, Sir, 160 dole." "Nonsense, bigger!" Herewith the gentlemanly salesman (who I here always suspected to be a noble Lord in difficulties) produced the brilliant of about the size of a small pea. 11 Exquisite stone, Sir; first water, 800." "Look here!" cried Tommy, beoomin exasperated, "If you've got a reg'lar diamond, fetch it out; if you haven't, just say so." My Lord, half amused, half vexed, here, by way of totally annihilating his rough customer, brought out the Ko]i-i-nocr of the place. "Will this suit you, Sir? Moderately line stone; price, 15,000 dols,' "Now.you're coming to it!" cried Tommy decidedly mollified. "Is this the tip-top biggest.?". "It is, Sir," replied his Lordship, coolly (stroking his beard at the same time, as if to say, "Now, my rustic friend, I have wasted quite time enough upon you, you may go.") "You ain't got nothiti' biggr, now?" "Nothing, I assure you." "Than I'll take it." M Lord, I grieve to say, lost his presence of mind, and stared; but Thomas at once produced a huge roll of "greenbacks," counted out the money, and the sale was concluded. This, as I have been told, occurred more than a year ago. Now, my Lord, having become somewhat familiar with the ways and means of Shoddy, would scarcely lift his eyelids were his coalheaver to propose to buy out the entire concern.-Cornlzifl Magazine for July.
Sixteen years ago San Francisco was a petty hamlet) lying

on the sandy slops that curved its yellow crescent behind. Olarke's Point. A few whalers and United Statesinen.Of-'ar bad. touchadiliere at long intervals and an oc a1 al merchant veesol had taken aboard a cargo of bides atA tallow. The interior was a terra iricogntee to all except its slmplenatives and. the few travellers and emigrants who bed. partly explored it. In one year after the discovery of gold had become usthersally known San Prancisco had a population of about 80,000, mud its harbour was filled with shipa from every quarter of the world. Ten years later it population had more than doubled; and five years later It had nearly doubled again, being hard on to 120,000.
7ma add that the westmMer aMmureamiM a new American noVebs; TFh'eodore Winthrop$ one who fell as a private volunt4er in the early part of the waxi and left several novels, many times rejected which having been since published, turn out to be works of real genhus. It,

j. I

s the old story of discovering merit when it is too late to reward it!
REOONSThUCTION, BRITISH AND AMERICAN.

A GREAT work of political reconstruction is in mid progress in the United Kingdom. We are not, indeed, refashioning our Constitution. The three estates of the realm, their poper sphere and limits of action, their mutual duties and responsibilities, remain what they have been, and are unchallenged by public opinion. We are meddling with none of our great. national institutions. We are shifting nothing of importance from its ancient basis. Nevertheless, we have been engaged throughout the week now closing, and we shall be more or less generally engaged for the next fortnight, in building up again that part of the machinery of government which, because it. bears the chief stress of legislation and has a predominant influence on its character and results, is wisely submitted to periodical renovation with a view to adapt it to such change as, may have passed upon the public mind, The Crown, acting in, conformity with law, has dissolved one House of Commons, and the country is busy in, putting together another. Strictly speaking, the work is one of reconstruction, but reconstruction in an extremely limited sense.

In the very thick of the turmoil inevitably occasioned by a

general election there is ground for satisfaction in the nowledge that the process is attended 'with no danger. The legislative mechanism which on Monday morning last was nonexistent, and which even yet is but half refitted, will be framed on the same model, with "two or three trifling exceptions, as that which has served the use of the present generation. Such. alterations as are now being made -will, will affect merely the materials of which it is composed. The leading wheels and principal levers in the machine 'will, for the most part, be replaced from the old one, They wiIl, no doubt, be cleansed of some of the deposit which during six years' work has accumulated about them, and which had helped somewhat to clog their movements. Friction against the, great outside public will, perhaps, rub away some soil and rust, and fit them for accelerated action, But no great change is desired or will be effected as regards them. In conjunction, however, with these more important parts, there aie a considerable number and va,rity' of minor pieces, all having something to do towards the general result, and each susceptible, in doing it, of improvement or decay. It is here that the chief alterations are to be expected. Old and untrustworthy appliances, or, what in effect amounts to the same thing, those

which are thought to be such, will, be cast aside for new and more promising material. That 'which is suffered to remain will in many cases be passed through the fire, hammered into more convenient forms, polished and lubricated, and, refitted to its former place. There will be a deal of scouring and cleaning, the substitution of not a, little that is untried for that 'which after trial is found wanting, arid, it is to be hoped, a general improvement of the machinery in regard to the parts of which it is composed; but that will be the whole amount of positive clange accomplished or sought. There is nothing in. all this calculated to unsettle public confidence, nothing to excite misgivings as to the future, no empiricism of which the most timid need to be afraid.

Of course, we do not mean to imply that change even to this extent may not or -will not involve some change in the action of Parliament. We shall not assume to judge what may be the character of the future House of Commons, or what will be the drift of its policy. - Only events will bring either the one or the other fully into light, But we do regard it as matter of satisfaction that, on. the whole, the process which is being now resorted to will tend rather to abridge than to widen the distance between the legislatorial power and the settled convictions
and will of the country. Whatever these latter may prove to be, after the criticism, the siftings, and the verdict of a. general election, they may be embodied in law without imperilling anything which commends itself to sound sense and just feeling, and almost as certainly without producing o much as a jar upon the nervous system of the comtiniity. We may anticipate just so much expansion in the aims and proceedings, of the Government as will be rendered necessary by any expansion which has 'taken place in the thoughts and 'wishes of the public. That is all; and that is an issue to which every intelligent slid well-trained mind will be content to submit. So that, as fax as the Tfthted Kingdom is concerned, reconstruction is but a renovation of means and apparatus,

with growth as the'-result. The process is far from maim

port‡nt. Upon those 'who conduct it rests a grave responsibility, but, at least, it is unaccompanied. by serious apprehensions for the future.

Our kinsmen on the other aide of the Atlantic are also intent just now upon the business of reconstruction-but under what different circumstances and on how much wider a scale! Let it not be supposed that we allude to the contrast for the sake Of self-glorification-we do so merely, with a view to deepei

 our own sense of thankfulness. That they have to face r ore as we can hardly doubt they will do, a much more searching and difficult problem than ourselves, cannot bc attributed to the superiority of our qualifications, or of on mode of using them, in any respect. Our good fortune is, t ha' we long since passed through that stage of national disciplim which they have but just reached, and our hope is that the: will get throug),i it, without more permanent sufferiul than we. Still, as a simple matter of fact, the pro ceases which are at this moment operative in the twi countries differ so widely the one from the other in depth intensity, and duration, that one cannot help viewing then aide by side. The reconstructive work now absorbing th energies of American statesmanship is not only difficult, bu it touches close upon several dangerous issues. Whereas, in cu own case, the past, and especially, the proximate past, 18 .011 mainstay, it is in theirs the source of disquietude. They hay to reconstitute the South, not merely of new materials, bu after a new model. They have to lay again the very foundations of society. The civil war has broken up the pre.existin social system, and has pretty well levelled to the dust th political edifice. It would seem impracticable to recon struct the latter in conformity with the provision ,of law, and, happily, as we think, impossible, as W dl as impolitic, to base society on the maintenaucE or rather the restoration of slavery. The consequence is at immense amount of present confusion, collision, and misery the inetttablc debris of an armed conflict on so gigantic a scale. Some time will be required before the dust and smoke have sufficiently cleared away to allow of a definite plan being adopted and brought into operation. Much suffering will, doubtless, he endured meanwhile; but our Transatlantic cousins are not deficient in a talent for organisation. We believe they will work out the questions before them in much lees time, aaidmuch more satisfactorily, than has been generally expected, and that the social difficulty will, after its first pressure, yield to the appliances 'which robust common-sense will bring to bear upon it.

The contrast between the two countries at the present moment suggests matter for profitable consideration. A theory has been advanced by some, that no great nation can fall:

develop its capabilities until it has passed through the ordeal Of a civil war, and that, in the course of its history, one such convulsive intestine struggle is inevitable. We shall not discuss this theory, neither can we assent to it. It may be true of certain stages of civilisation, but we question whether it can be predicated as a law applicable to nations which are, or wit hereafter be, the growth of offshoots from a population alread3 educated and trained in the principles and practice of selfgovernment. Be this, however, as it may, every fresh instance
government. Be this, however, as it may, every fresh instance presented to us by history of the attainment o politics. and social results by violent means makes us cloubi whether the process be not more costly than the end wil repay, and whether the mischief done by it be not so great tha the time, the anxiety, the exertion, and the self-sacrifice required for the work of reparation might not have sufficed, i employed in conformity -with law, to accomplish, within a giver period, all that may have been achieved by the sword, and 'without anything like the attendant suffering. The upward and onward destinies of a people are seldom, if ever, pertnanently hastened by force. They are the result of moral culture, and in very few and exceptional instances is moral culture quickened by the destruction of property or the effusion of blood. The reconstruction rendered necessary by mortal conflicts is always difficult, often disappointing, afid sometimes slower in arriving at its consummation-namely, the settlement f the vital question in dispute--than the patient use of milder methods would have been. We may well be thankful that the business on which our fellow-countrymen are now engaged is one which less than a month will be required to effect, and which, when effected, will place the country a step in advance; and we may sincerely sympathise with our American cousins that their work does not more closely resemble ours in the ease and certainty with which it may be dispatched. To bind -up and heal deep wounds is a serious affair-to wash and be refreshed is but a trifling demand on exertion. Such, however, is the difference between what they and we are engaged in doing at the present time.

AMERICA.

Telegrams from New York, to the 1st inst., state that the conspiracy trial in Washington has been concluded. The Military Commission has agreed upon the verdict, but it will not be made public until after it has been either approved or rejected by the President. The Judge-Advocate previously submitted an argument asserting that four of the prisoners were fellowconspirators with Booth. He contended that the evidence showed that Davis, Sanders, Tucker, and others, planned and assisted the assassination.

Owing to too close application to his duties, President Johnson has been indisposed for several days past and unable to take part in Cabinet meetings.

Colonel Mos'by, the celebrated Confederate cavahy raider, has been

pardoned by the President, and has commenced practising law at Ou]pepper, Virginia.  -

A deputation from South Carolina has had an interview with President Johnson to request the appointment of a civil governor. Johnson replied that no State would o cut of the Union. He must deal with restoration, not reconstruction. The people of South Carolina could not be admitted to Congressional representation until they called a convention and adopted the Federal and State Constitutional Amendment abolishing slarel:y. Re thought if negro suffrage were now granted employers wouid control negro suffrage to the detriment of the poor whites. He would, after consultation with his Cabinet consider the appointment of a governor.

President Johnson has ordered the military authorities at Charleston

not to prohibit political assemblages of coloured people.

General Terry has issued an order at Richmond that the negroes will enjoy the same personal liberty and be subject to the same restraints as whites.

The Virginia Legislature has adjourned 1 after extending the fran

chise to those excluded by the Alexandria Constitution,

There have been serious affrays between the Federal soldiers and

the blacks at several places. At Norfolk the troops, aided by the white inhabitants, had driven the negroes from the town. At Charleston there had been a fight between the white and black soldiers, and several were wounded on each side, At Savannah a New York regiment
ad mutinied, and ref used to do duty with the black troops

rt - of the mutineers had been apprehended, and impr'

d m

t

mutinied,

ofk~

t Pu'm

th

e wl

n or

ort Pulaski. A serious affray took jzl~m at Portsmouth, Vil etween the white and coloured people. Many persons were wot er

General Herron, commanding in Northern Louisiana, hm

, slaves ad mutinied, the slaves to leave the plantations.

overno

The Governor Kentucky has addressed. the beople,, dec

-very to The dead and urging, the adop#ou of  ~onifiitu

m , 'nt

mendment.

- 11

General Hooker has superseded General,Dix.
RUINS OF TEE CARBINE FACTORY AND RAILWAY

STATION AT RICHMOND.

TH scenes of havoc and ruin in the city of Richmond- aftthe great conflagration 'which ensued upon the retirement of theW)anfederate army and Government, in the first week of April, have,a‹ready been made the subjects of some of our Blustrations. We present In this Number a view of the ruins of the building which had, been.
occupied as a carbine factory by the military department of the

Administration, Richmond being a place where large quantities of arms and ammunition were manufactured during the 'war. Our second Engraving gives a view of the ruins of the buildings of the Richmond and Petersburg Railway, which here crosses the James River by a bridge already described. Some further Illustrations of this subject, as well as of the flight of the Confederate President into Georgia, will be published on a future occasion.

THE MONUMENTS ON THE BATTLE-FIELD OF BULL RUN. Two battles-that of July 21, 1861, and that of Aug. 29, 1862-were fought between the Confederates and, Federals in the plain traversed by the small river called Bull Run, which crosses the main road from Washington to Bichrnond, a few miles north of Manaaaas Gap. The scene of the first conflict, one of the earliest of the war in Virginia, would now scarcely be recognised as a battle.field. Four years have obliterated nearly all the marks of the struggle, and the relic- hunter

only now and then finds in the grass a memento of the event. Very few shot and shell remain upon the surface, the trees are hiding the blotches on their trunks made by bullets, and the only bones that are found, with few exceptions, are those of horses, which visitors have not thought of sufficient importance to be carried, away. Some of the fences have been rebuilt, and. corn is planted in many places' while the rapidly-growing bushes hide nearly all the original features of the field. The battle-field of Groveton, two miles beyond, towards Watrenton, is more distinctly marked with traces of battle. here the shot and shell are thickly strewn, the trees are splintered, and in many places the forest looks as if it had been visited by smallpox. The bones of the soldiers of both armies are scattered over the fields, and. the phrenologist may find skulls enough. A monument has now been erected on each of the Bull Run battle-fields. These monuments are of chocolate.coloured, sandstone, thirty feet high, and were erected by the officers and men of General Gamble's separate cavalry brigade,, camped at Fairfax Courthouse. The monument on the first Bull Run field is situated on the bill in front of the memorable stone house, on the spot where the 14th Brooklyn, lab Michigan, and 1st and 2nd Maine were most hotly en

gaged, and where Bioketta and Griffin lost their batteries. The shaft is 27 ft. high, and bears upon its top a hundred-pound shell. On the pedestal, at each corner, is a shell of similar size. On one side of the shaft is inscribed, "To the memory of the patriots who fell at Bull Run, July 21st, 1861," and on the reverse, "rected June 1001, 1866." The monument at Grovetozi is similar in its proportions, bearing the inscription, "To the memory of the patriots who fell at Grovetox, August 29, 1862," and on the reverse, "Erected June 10th, 1865" Our Illustration represents the scene at the consecration, or "dedication," as it is called in America, of these monuments. The religious exercises were conducted on the first Bull Rim field by the Rev, Dr. M'Murdy, who read an appropriate service, which was followed by a hymn written for the.occasion by Pierpont; a military parade by the 5th Pennsylvania heavy artillery, Colonel Gallup; and a salute by the 16th Massachusetts battery, Captain Scott. At the close of these ceremonies, eloquent addresses were delivered by Judge Olin, General Wilcox, General Heintzelman. and General Farnsworth. At the second monument the services were similar to those described. A large party of visitors had come from Washington to be present on this occasion.
The twenty-fifth report of the Emigration Commissioners was

published last Saturday. The Commissioners state that, since the year 3834,

the numbers that have left the United Kingdom amount to 5,691,709, of whom

3,450,531 have gone to the United States, 1,255,554 to British North America, and 867,802 to the Anstraiasiau colonies.
UNITED STA-TBS.

'I lie asareinaiion trials are over, and the sentences partly carried out. Payne, Hasrold, Atzcrott, and Mrs. Snrratt were hanged on the 'th lust. The Judge of the Supreme Court had previously served a writ of habeas corpus on General Hancock, in Mrs. Surratt's ease, which, by Presidena Johnson's order, was not obeyed. It is stated that Payne, previous to his execution, exonerated Mrs. Suratt, and that another person had subscribed to an affidavit impeaching the testimony of an important witness against her. Dr. Mudd Arnold, and O'Laaghliu are to be imprisoned, with hard labour, for life; and Spang]er, the stage carpenter, is to be imprisoned, with hard labour. for six years.

In Philadelphia the Provost Marshal having, by order from

Washington, surrendered a prisoner named Cozzens to the Sheriff,

Judge Thompson has since released him, declaring that the President's power to suspend the habeas corpus conferred by Congress terminated with the war.

President Johnson's health is somewhat improved, but he is still unable to receive visitors. The health of Mr. F. W' Seward continues to improve.

Independence Day, the 4th of July, was celebrated with more than usual demonstrations of loyalty.

President Johnson. has issued a proclamation appointing Benjamin P. Perry Provisional Governor of South Carolina. All the seceded States, except Florida, have now either provisional or elected local governments. The details of reconstruction, however, are much more copious than interesting.

General Grant authorizes the statement that all the white volunteer troops of the army would be mustered out of service at the earliest possible day. It was probable that, by the middle of August, there would not be 10,000 remaining in the whole of General Meadci's militaq division of the Atlanta,

Advices from the west report the capture of several desperate guerrillas and murderers.

The military authorities of Richmond had taken precautionery measures against an apprehended negro insurrection.

The Government are making arrangements to send to Atalanta a sufficient quantity of supplies to relieve the necessities of the people in that district, who for some time past had been reduced to the last extremities of famine.

A ewamittee of delegates, presenting the coloured population of
Virgiaia, was to meet in .A1enajidiaou the 2nd o. August., to cost-rider the condition an rospeote of the race.

The number applicants to the President for pardon average

between 900 *and 800--a day. Papers were issued one day grantim

pardon to 18d; mostly. North Qrolinlans.

The States of Wisconsin and. Iowa have been visited by terrible

tornadoes. The village of Virogna, Vernon County, Wisconsin a

place of about 1200 inhabitant, was nearly destroyed, Seventeen

persons wese- killed aathorethaii. m4badly1nired The lose of property was very great. -k Iowa theicpS were kadly damaged, railroads and bridges destroyed, and serious dam.age doneiu several counties. Heavy rains, aucceeding had caused disastrous, loods.

Large numbers-of Federal troops were landing long the Texas

coast and the mouth of the Rio Grands. Six thousand -troops, mostly

coloured, had arrived at Brazos. A detachment had been sent u the

river, and occupied Eagle Pass.

The Herald states that the Government had received official information that Spain would surrender the Stonewall to the UnitcI States.
