Could we hope that these lines would be

eti by respectable part of the French press, for the benelit f the

readers, we would ask that the Parisians may be told that Spiritualists' quackery, having been exposed a hundred U.,

in England, in. spite of the efforts of the quacks

real investigation, became the laugh1n.5t0

until the jugglers ventured into rather rougher company

LhU that of the metropolis, and then they were simply kicke4., and. fled. If the spiritual Parisians will accept C3.3t.o ritualism from England, after this information o laugh will not be against the jugglers.

So, the American tribunals having formally done that Wktk

had. from the first been done non-officially by all ratio in England, we shall, we suppose, not have commoillefte insulted any more by American quacks of the spiritualist Any future "mediums" who may come to us with their Task. atlantic nasalities, will come as do the ingenious whose advertisements in some of our weekly eoutemp are far more amusing reading than most of the new We shall know that, if they really come from iunerj are licensed tumblers, who have their taxi j trunks. With these, of course, we can have no If they choose to announce that, by means of VOMW hands, they can carry old guitars across the room, scraps of phosphorus stuck on them, and fools like top. such an exhibition, this is a free country, and every mm hu IL right to amuse himself his own way, provided be nobody else. Those who do not like to pay spiritual pri. Imr such tomfoolery have but to wait until Christmas, w jy see it much better done in. the pantomimes. But all thI business of the not very wise people themselves. exports no more spirits, and that is enough. The eij oj %$ Republic is on the article pretending to be spirits, and we jam that it is harmless.

But, unluckily, we have no jugglers' tax in 14dat

Shakspeare and Mozart cannot be played without a Emu,

but a fellow mtLytake a room and call up the spirits of

and Mozart without let or hindrance. The police have aap

of interfereuce. We are still, therefore, exposed to the ham.

tion of hearing that spiritualistic quackery is f.reelj pswc

in England. Sometimes we hear, with extreme regr is countenanced by families in. other respects credita there is a son whose intellects are too exalted for his fstb office or countinghouse, and who lounges at home on the seh, smking, and lets hair grow all over his face, we learn, wIt surprise, that the idle blockhead has strong convictions as to spelt influences. If there is a spoiled and silly girl who has disg sensible young men, and who cannot get an offer, we are q prepared to be told that she visits a spiritualistic family, s has had revelations. The regular practitioners in the bmta look out for such creatures, and practise upon them with much honesty as that of an advertising, puffing dentist, wit privately avows that he never expects or wishes to see the same victim twice. For such fools as these whom we have described, for hysterical dowagers, for the hslf.eds and for the wholly silly there is at present no protettae like that which the American tribunal has luckily denied. The jugglers will still penetrate into certain English circles, sat for hire will continue to do very great mischief. The etlj effectual weapon which can be used against them is the p and that can perseveringly, and at the risk of being aee4 d monotony and bigotry, proclaim that a hireling Spirits" ii a vulgar rascal. That truth we have proclaimed upon Tmukka occasions, and have been thanked for doing so, aM shall go on with our not very agreeable work until te Vagabond Act shall be amended so as to bring tbNs abominable quacks 'within the reach of the law. We shall th* leave the Spiritualist to the policeman and hemp-pieking, 1*
leave the Spiritualist to the policeman and hemp-OA4 Is

the mean time we offer our congratulations to the AJ

that they have done so much to remedy an evil which tb

certainly fostered, as the keepers of their gash and. m

can testify. Their Spiritualist is henceforth a juggler 1* ¿

as well as in fact.
