sate tiendly to the United States. The Judges have decided that Zurleigh must be delivered up to the United States. A report that the English Government had ordered the dispatch of gun-boats to the treat lakes is semi-officially contradicted.

A large majority in Parliament favours the confederation scheme. The British Columbia and Vancouver Island journals are agitating for the extension of the project to those colonies.

A movement is on foot for the annexation of Vancouver's Island to British Columbia and for the consolidation of the two Governments.
AMERICAN VETERANS OF THE WAR OF 1812.

Oult New York Correspondent hag furnished the

sketch of a couple of the old soldiers of the war of

1812, who may still be met with, ecaaionaUy, in

the streets and at the public-houses of New York, Boston, and other American cities. These worthy veterans are fond of wearing a cocked hat, with tricolor plume, and a sword, with a white scarf about the breast, upon such occasions as the anniversary of the Declaration of Independence, the appointed day of thanksgiving for national victories, or that of the inauguration of a President of the Federal Union. They are, however, now becoming rare, shies forty years and more have elapsed from the date of their military achievements, and the conflict in which they were engaged, though its recollection may be flattering to American patriotism, has been quite thrown into the shade by the enormous battles of the present civil war.
CURRENT .LITEIMTURE.

A New Atmosphere. By Gail Hamilton. (ampaon Low, Son, and Marston.). Au importation from the other side of the Atlantic, where she-doctors, and she-lecturers, and she-clerks, and shenondescripts receive more encouragement than they have yet met with amongst us, and where the independence of women has broken out in the form of Bloomerism and other extravagances. Our author deals with the "woman question." It appears that the moral and social atmosphere of our age is extremely corrupt, and that we want a new one. Upon. that point there will probably be little difference of opinion, but upon the means whereby the required purification is to be effected there will be great diversity of sentiment. Whether the "oak-and-vine" relationship between men and women should be confined simply to poetry, and women from girlhood upward should be instructed in such trades, callings, arts, and sciences as will enable them to gain a livelihood in. competition with and independently of men, is a serious question; but our author seems to think it ought to be unhesitatingly answered in the affirmative. Man, if we read our author correctly, is a selfish, grasping, cowardly, double-faced oppressor; womasi is, by force of circumstances, a sly, designing, over-worked, suffering slave. And this is the result of existing laws and customs-especially so far as marriage is concerned. Our author by no means blasphemes marriage in the abstract, but scoffs at the preliminaries which precede and. the conditions which follow the actual practice. Husbands have all the sweets, wives have all the bitters2 of connubi&. life. If husbands would suckle the baby, and take their turn at the perambulator, and put the children to bed, and wash the linen, and make the caps, there would be some chance of v. fair adjustment of domestic duties; but, as things are, selfish man "gooth forth to lila work and to his labour until the evening," and expects his harassed wife to perform the household drudgery, have his lordship's refection prepared, and bring his offspring in applepie order to receive the rare paternal caress. No doubt there is more of the spirit of traffic than there should be in many a marriage; no doubt there is too much selfishness in many husbands; no doubt there is too much labour imposed on many wives; no doubt there is too little chance of profitable employment for many unmarried women; but whether a general withdrawal of the "restrictions of existing customs" would be the best cure for the evils we beg leave to doubt. Readera of Aristophanes do not need to be told that "woman's rights" have been advocated before our day, and that the consequence of woman's complete independence have been described by a master-hand. Gail Hamilton's views are put forward in a very earnest, very dogmatical, sometimes sensible, and occasionally rhapsodical, style; but we do not think they will be generally adopted on this side of the Atlantic. It will be long before we cease to associate the idea of independence with menpressibles, and of protection with petticoats; nor is it by any means certain that, because a great di.cnlty is co-existent with certain restrictions, the difficulty is traceable merely to the restrictions; there may be collateral causes which might be found, if sought for, and which might be more safely removed than the restrictions.
Private letters from New York 'bring me two or three echoes. First, the great sensation in the Empire City at present is the hey. Dr. Bellows, who, Sunday after Sunday, is uttering thundering philippics against the reigilng luxury and extravagance in ladies' dress. An old, old text. Did not the Hebrew prophet of old inveigh against the sumptuary follies of his countrywomen-their bracelets and their bangles, and their "round tires like the moon?" Dr. Bellows is a Unitarian clergyman, a most learned, pious, and eloquent divine, who first attracted public notice by standing up boldly in defence of Shakepeare and the drama, and has recently been doing the good work of the American Sanitary Commission at San Francisco. As a preacher, he is 'worth a hundred Beechers and Cheevers, for it is a peculiarity with Dr. Bellows that he always preaches charity, and peace, and brotherhood among all men. I fear, however, that the Doctor will take but little by his motion in re ladies' dresses. The fair ones of Gotham flock to him by hundreds and listen complacently while he denounces "cataract' curls, small bonnets, hoop skirts, and draggling trains; but they have not the slightest intention of abating the excess in their apparel. Withal, let me hasten to remark that the American ladies, in their wildest exuberances of dress, have always been moderate in their patronage of crinoline. An American hoop, in comparison with the shocking hen-coop worn here, is as a wineglass to a diving-bell.

Another New York echo tells me of a curious reform meditated by

Mr. Hiram Cranston, the proprietor of the New York Hotel, and which, if properly carried out, will eect a thorough revolution in the eating and. drisking customs of our cousins. Mr. Cranston is about to abolish the monster table-d'hdae, formerly held in his hotel, and where from five to six hundred guests could be fed at one time, very much after the fashion of wild. ,auimals, at scrambling, uncomfortable meals, delusively termed breakfast, dinner, and supper. For this wolfith system of arrangement is about to be substituted a coffeeroom, arranged on the European principle-that is to say, a quiet and well ordered salle ft manger, where, at your own table, you may order your own meal, and breakfast, dine, or sup ft la carte, in peace .and tranquillity. The New York Hotel is mainly frequented by ladies and gentlemen who have lived in Europe, arid who have enjoyed comfort and luxury enough there to be disgusted with the roaring, jostling "feeds" at the St. Nicholas and the Filth Avenue.

4-,-. 1-1- -. .Q,- -,1- , T,, 44,-f-.
THE CONSCRIPTION IN NEW YORK.

Qua New yolk correspondent, by whom we are supplied with the Illustration on our front page, writes as follows :-" Oc Wednesday, the 15th of March, the long-expected draught was put into operation in this city. For a day or two previously it had been very generally stated in the newspapers that this most disagreeable 'military necessity' had been indefinitely postponed; but vo!uuteerlag has been far too slack of late to give the slightest hope that, without conscription, New York could furnish the twenty-six thousand men due from her to the Federal armies, Coining thus unexpectedly, the announcement that the draught was actually going on caused a good deal of consternation in the city. While I write, the fatal 'wheel' is turning, and the names are being drawn at the offices of the several provost marshals. These places are thronged all day long with anxious crowds. Irish faces are very prevalent in the crowd. There is no disturbance; but, as a precautionary measure, the draughting-stations are everywhere guarded by a strong force of police. I send a sketch of the interior of one of these places, with the wheel at work. The blindfolded man draws a slip of paper from the wheel and hands it to an official on the platform below him, who reads aloud the name and address written upon it, and then passes it to another person, who transfers it to the table where the registering clerks are at work. Jokes are very freely circulated in the crowd at the expense of the luckless individuals whose names are read from the slips, and it sometimes happens that the most reckless of the jokers finds himself next on the list of the conscripts. Lists of the names drawn are published in all the morning papers, which are eagerly scanned -by anxious-looking people of all classes and callings in life. Several prominent citizens already figure in the lists-among others, Mr. It. J. Raymond, editor of the.Wew York Times."

 .A.M.hIUUA.

- The Peruvian has brought news from New York to the 25th tilt.

The advance of General Sherman had been checked by the Confederates under Generals Johnston and Hardee. The former Confederate General reports that he engaged and defeated one of Sherman's. columns on the 19th tilt., near Berstonville, and that Sherman only saved himself by Wrenching. Hardee defeated the other column, which attacked his position near the junction of the Black and South Rivers. The Raleigh papers state that Sherman attacked Harde in his intrenclsed position and made three desperate charges, and was each time repulsed with great slaughter. Some accounts state that in this engagement Bragg's troops were driven back, compelling Rardee likewise to retire to prevent his being flanked, and that Hardee, in withdrawing, abandoned two guns for want of transportation. Other papers say that Hardee abandoned nothing. and that the Federals were fairly and completely beaten. Northern papers report that Sherman occupied Goldaborough on the 19th, and regard the successes claimed by Johnston and Hardee as unimportant. They think the result will prove favourable to the Federals. Richmond papers of the 23rd state that Goldaborough had been evacuated but was not occupied by Sherman. General Schofield

- is said to have succeeded in joining General Sherman, his force form

- ing the tight wing of Sherman's army.

Stoneinan's cavalry, 6000 strong, have left Knoxville, and are

moving towards Western Virginia. Ten thousand Federal cavalry

have left Easiport, Mississippi, to destroy the remaining railroads in. Alabama and Mississippi. -

 - - Sheridan had arrived at hits House, after doing a great deal of

damage to the railways. A cavalry force sent out to form a junction with him had been unable to do so. A statement is made which, it true, is of great importance. It is that a Federal cavalry force was at Burkesville, the junction of the Richmond, Danville, Petersburg, and Lyuchburg railroads.

The Confederates' claim successes in Florida and Louisiana.

A report reached Memphis on the 24th nit. from Ilollyspring that Mobile had been evacuated, and that the city, with an immense quantity of war material, was in possession of the Federals.

Two negro companies have been paraded at Richmond, and the impression was that they would make good soldiers

President Lincoln has visited General Grant at City Point, for the

benefit of his health, it is said.

The Confederate Congress has replied to President Davis's message, stating that they will defend their action on all legislative questions. They blame Davis fox want of promptitude in making known the wants of the country and censure the admonitions contained in his message as being caiculated to create discord and dissension. Th3 Congress has issued an encouraging address to the people declaring that the conquest of the Confederacy is geographically impracticable. Confidence is expressed for the achievement of their independence and maintenance as a separate nation. A bill was also passed authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to borrow three millions in coin for the army supplies. If so much cannot be borrowed in gold and si1vecoin, gold dust and foreign bullion will be taxed 25 per cent.

The New York Times says that the Confederate Congress, prior to its adjournment, empowered President Davis to seize the specie in the banks for supplies, and also empowered the Secretary of the Treasury to procure specie from the different States upon terms agreed upon with the State authorities. The writ of habeas corpus has also been

• suspended,

Two British subjects have been arrested in New York, charged with assisting to equip the Stonewall,  -

The floods in the north are subsiding, but they have done an immense amount of damage.

The citizens of New York have offered to build a courthouse, at an expense of 4,000,000 dols,, if the city is made the capital of the State of New York.

The Americans built on the lakes last year eighty-seven steamers and one hundred sailingships, the aggregate burden of which was 478,54 tons. Sixty-seven were built at Cleveland, forty-one at Buffalo, and fifteen at Chicago.
The Confederate cruiser Shenandoah has been in Australiati

waters. On the 23rd of February she was anchored off Kings Island, not fat

from McIbourne.

- We learn by telegram from Lisbon that the Ainericat

Minister has demanded satisfaction for the firing upon the Niagara and Sacra,

mento by the Portuguese forts after the Federal vessels had signalled that they understood the first signal from the fort. He also requests the dismissal of the Governor of Fort Belem, and a salute of twenty-one guns to tha American flag. Madrid papers state that the Portuguese Government Issa

complied with these demands. - -
'rue most remarcable paper in a very good number of &cscr is tl.*t entitled "The Court of Rome, its Parties and its Men" evidently '"Z'ittn by some one having access to special sources of information.

%CbW.alfl'.o VI. kC cuV. OVI.LVJL sLauc flJJ.L&# W.S.W. ..&u..& sinister influence will etbetheruin of the Papacy. "AVisit to the Army of the Tames 1, is another very interesting paper, giving a Iftfx insight into the management of an American army on active iei-vtoe, The very favourable estimate of General Butler's character w 11 surprise most readers. It is, of course, pretty well understood. by tbbs time that the General was most unfairly vituperated for his conduct in New Orleans to serve the ends of those who were desirous of iu'rolvieig us in a war with America, but certainly few will be pre'pazed to meet with so many traits 'of real magnanimity as are here rorded of him. An article on "Regulars and Volunteers" is also fu11 of allusions to the American war, viewed as a huge experiment of tb working of a volunteer army. It is highly interesting. "Gilbert.

if - 4,1
THE SECOND INAUGUR.TION OF PRESIDENT LLNCOLN.

W present two illustrations of the proceedings at Washington upon the recent occasion when Mr. Lincoln inaugurated his second term of office as President of the United States. Our first Engraving shows the scene in front of the Capitol, on Saturday, March 4-the reading of the President's address to the people assembled in the open street beneath the portico of that stately palace of the Federal Legislature. Mr. Lincoln himself will be at once distinguished. He is standing with a paper in his hand behind the small table on which a glass of water is placed; and the two gentlemen seated in front, a little to the left band of the 'view, are the en VicePresident, Mr. Hanilin; and the new Vice-President, Mr. Andrew Johnson, who had made rather an unfortunate exhibition of himself in the Senate House a few minutes before. The Secretary of State, Mr. Seward, with Mr. Stanton the Secretary for War, and Mr. Welles, the Secretary for the I'avy, are standing together near the lamp-post, in the right-hand

portion of the View. The row of seven or eight gentlemen seated in front, between the President and the Cabinet Ministers, are Chief Justice Chase and the Judges of the Supreme Court. The members of the Senate, those belonging to the foreign Legations, and a miscellaneous crowd of gentlemen and ladies behind, occupy the remainder of the elevated space. The weather had been stormy and showery till within an hour of noon; but at the time of this ceremony there was an interval of bright sunshine. The reading of the address did, not occupy ten minutes. It was received with loud acolamations; a salute of 100 guns was then fired, and President Lincoln, entering his carriage, went home to his official residence, called the White House.

 Our second Illustration is an interior view of the great north hail of the Patent Office at Washington, in which a grand ball took place on the Monday evening, March 6, in honour of the President, as is customary at the beginning of each President's term of office. This vast apartment was chosen for the dancing, because it is nearly 100 it. in width; but its aspect is not so magnificent as that of the south or central ball, or that of the east hail in the same building, which were used for the promenade. The north hail, which was occupied as a Government hospital in 1861 and 1862, has lately been put in cider for the exhibition therein of a collection of patented articles. The floor is laid with a blue and white marble pavement; the walls had been freshly painted, and were hung with a series of banners, displaying those national emblems, the stars arid stripes, in alternate festoons, midway between the ceiling and the ftoar. Between the windows were ranged the guidons, or small hand-flags, of the various army corps, brigades, and regiments of the United States service, while miniature American flags were crossed and placed at intervals on the walls. On a balcony over the main entrance was stationed a fine military band; and midway in the hail on another balcony, tastefully decorated with bunting, was placed tile orchestra. On a raised dais immediately opposite the latter balcony, and on the northern side

• of the hail, were handsome sofas of blue find gold, which were intended as seats of honour for the President and his suite. The gaslights were arranged on seven pipes extending across the hail, a few feet from the ceiling. Dressing-rooms for the ladies were prepared along the sides of the promenade-halls. The President and distinguished guests, according to the arrangements of the committee, entered the building from Seventh, the remainder from F street. At nine o'clock the crowd began to assemble in the ball-room and to take their seats on the sin1e line of benches which went all round the room.

The ladies' dresses are said to have displayed a great variety of invention; some ladies wore their hair powdered with gold-dust. The dancing began at a quarter to ten. The President and Mrs. Lincoln, with the Speaker of the House of Representatives and Mr. Charles Sumner, arrived at a quarter past ten. The President wore a full suit of black, with white kid gloves; Mrs. Lincoln wore a white lace dress over a white silk skirt and bodice, a berthe of point lace, and necklace of pearls, with a wreath of white jessamine, purple violets, and trailmg vines upon her head. At eleven o'clock Mx. Seward, the Secretary of State; Mr. Welles, the Secretary for the Navy; the AttorneyGeneral, and other members of the Cabinet, with some of the foreign

Ministers their ladies, entered the hall; but fresh arrivals con
over a bite silk skirt and bodice, a berthe of point lace, end necklace of pearls, with a wreath of white jessarnine, purple violets, and trailing vines upon her head. At eleven o'clock Mr. Seward, the Secretary of State; Mr. Welles, the Secretary for the Navy; the Attorney. General, and other members of the Cabinet, with some of the foreign Ministers and their ladies, entered the hail; but fresh arrivals continued till midnight. The supper-tables, loaded with a profusion of artistic confectionery, were laid out in the hail in the west 'wing of the building. The most conspicuous forms of architectural pastry were a model of the Capitol for the centrepiece, with ernbleniatio sculptures on the four sides of the pedestal; and two monumental structures, which were dedicated reseotiveiy to the honour of the United States army and of the United States navy, displaying various scenes and implements of warfare, with portraits of several distinguished commanders by land and sea. The central hail and the east hail were gorgeously decorated-the ceilings and cornices being painted most elaborately with combinations of red and yellow, blue and green, while the immense pillars were coloured ultramarine. These hails were, of course, brilliantly lighted, and, when thronged with gaily-dressed people, had a very splendid effect. The profits derived from the sale of tickets went towards the relief of the sick and wounded of the Federal army.
AMERICA.

By the City of London we have intelligence from New York to the 1st met., when gold was quoted at Mi.

Active operations have been begun before Petersburg, 'where the two aimies bad long lain supine. On the morning of the 25th ult., Lee suddenly attacked Grant's centre and captured Fort Steadnian. The Confederates, flushed with this success, pushed on, captured a battery, and turned the guns on the Federals. They were, however, driven out from the battery, and their attacks on Fort Aske]1 were repulsed. The Federals then assumed the offensive, and, having been reinforced, not only drove the Confederates out• of Fort Steadman, but captured their picketline beyond, and. held it. The Federal account says the guns of Fort Steadman were uninjured; but General Lee, in his account., states they were disabled. The loss on both aides was heavy. General Grant estimates the slaughter of the Confederates at the point where they entered the Federal lines at 8000 men; his own loss altogether being put at 2000. The Federal troops in front of Petersburg, ha-sing been relieved by corps brought from the north bank of the James River, marched, on the 29th nit. towards the Federal left; and the result of their day's was, as we are told, that they established themselves on a line parallel with the Boydton Plank Road, and west of Hatcher's Run, The Confederate pickets were driven in; arid the Confederates who attacked General Griffin's division on the Quaker Road, were repulsed with severe loss-the Federals losing some 230 men in killed and wounded during the day, said capturing about one hundred prisoners. The Confederates were believed to be in strong force near Gravelly Run, and a heavy engagement was expected; but, although firing was heard at City Point on the 80th lilt., it was supposed that operations had been interrupted by rain. General Sheridan's cavalry had accompanied the march of the Federals, and had been last heard of at Dinwiddie Courthouse, with the supposed intention of cutting the Southside Railway.

 President Lincoln, Secretary Seward, and Generals Grant, Sherman, and Sheridan have had an interview at City Point. Rumours of peace negotiations were again eanent, but a New Fork telegram of the Slat nit, states it to have been "semi-officially denied that General Lee has demanded a peace conference." The, Spanish and British Ministers accompanied Mr. Seward to City Point.

General Sherman, it is announced, had had hard and continued fighting since leaving Fayetteville, but he had formed a junction with the corps of Generals Schofield and Terry at Goldsborough,which had been occupied by General Schofield on the 2nd ult. and there, it is stated, the aimies were resting to refit, the campaign having been a glorious success. General Sherman Had issued an order of the day, dated near Beutonville, on the 22nd nIt, in which he stated that the concentrated armies of the enemy had upon the 21st been beaten upon their chosen ground, and were fleeing in disorder, leaving their dead and wounded, arid burning the bridges in their retreat. General Sherman had quitted his army said proceeded to City Point, where, as stated above, he held a council on March 27, with ?resident Lincoln, General Grant, and General Sheridan, and afterwards returned to Geldaberough.

General Thomas has effected a junction with Gillen at Knoxville,,

arid the ultimate object of this combined movement is believed to be

the capture of Lynchburg.

The Federal forces advanced against Mobile on the 18th ult., and, from heavy firing which was heard on the 21st, it was believed that the attack had commenced. Mobile is said to be provisioned for a cix months' siege.

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

A Montreal telegram of March 30 states that the St. Albans raiders had been discharged on the gioithd that they were belligerents. They were no sooner at liberty, however, than they were rearrested on a charge of violent assault, with intent to commit murder.

The quarterly monthly rr  einigrati')aI from

ilerpool show an enormous decrease, as compared with the correspond-9 period of last year. Twenty-one ships sailed, under the Act, for the United States during the last month, with 6872 passengers, of whom 1418 were English, 619 Scotch, I$fS Irish, and 1088 belonging to other countries. To Victoria there were two ships, with 503 passengers, of whom 188 were English, twenty-one Scotch, S3 Irish, and four belonging to other countries. To South America there was one ship, with seventy-one passengers, strip-eight of whom wore steerage and three cabin; end, of the whole, four were English, the remainder belonged to other countries. Of "short" ships there were six to the 'United States, with 911 passengers; one to Victoria, with twentyfour passengers; one to the West Indies, with seven passengers; one to South America, with fiftySt-s passengers; and one to Africa, with fifty-five pea. seneere. The total number of emigrants was 7878, against 14,485 in the curresponding month of last year. In the last quarter there sailed, under the tot, 14,516, while in the corresponding cpmxter of 1864 the number was 26,547.
The next matter in which Victoria will appear to a disadvantage at home is the treatment which the commander of the Confederate war-steamer, the Shehandoali, received at the hands of our Government. nm met letter the arrival, øfth Sheitandoab, with, probably, Captain Sémmea On board ,waeannounced. It pears I was mistaken as to Captain Semmes, the vessel being under tbecommand of Captain Waddel, who, as soon as he anchotéd inRobassy,communicated the factof his arrival to the Gove 1-; and athed- permission to have the, maehmuery overhauled, end to take in storm Permission to do both was granted After being some twelve or foerteei days in port, aMwhile the essehvae on the patent slip undergoing therepaira that w6Te tieerhed necessary, end 'which were sanctiotied by Government commissioners, rumours were circulated to the effect that a number of thea had been induced to join the C deratesercice It appears the information was supplied by some dcterters, andiipoithe information so furnished, a warrant was iasued.for the apprehension, of one named "Cha1iè," who was declared to be on bOard weariaig:the uniform of the ship. The execution of the warrant was lutrusted to an officer of police, who, on going on board, was in the absence of the captain, refused permission to search. the ship. On the follow=g morning the Officer presented himself, when he saw Captain Waddell, who informed him that it was contrary to the rules of the service that a vessel of war should be searched; but at the same time, he gave his word of honour as an officer and a gentleman that to other men than his own crew were on board. The Government, not content with this declaration, and believing that the Foreign Enlistment Act as well as the Neutrality Laws, had been violated, sent a force of military and police, with instructions that they were to allow no person to afford any aid in launching the vessel, unless the search was allowed or "Charlie" given up. This caused considerable excitement • but still Captain Waddell refused permissio

to search. Late on the same night for men were seen to leave the

vessel. They were pursued and captured and one of them was indexitilled as the man "Charlie" for whom the warrant had been issued. The military and police were then withdrawn, and the Shenandoah was launched on the 'following day; but not until a great deal of correspondence had passed between the Commander and the Government Captain Waddell complained of the insulting tone of the correspondence, and has intimated his intention of bringing the whole matter before the Richmond Government. It is declared by the Commander and officers that the men arrested were stowaways, and that their presence on board was unknown to anyone, they being only discovered after a thud search. The four men were brought before the Wilhianistowx Police Court charged with committing a breath of the Foreign Enlistment Act. Three of them were committed for trial the fourth, being an American, was discharged. It is said that the àovernment of Victoria intend laying the case before the Imperial Government. The public sympathy is all with Captain Waddell The Shenandoah sailed from Kolon's Bay on the mousing of the 18th inst., with, it is well known, a considerable addition to her crew. She is said to be lying off our coast, waiting the arrival of some Federal vessels consigned to American merchants. at whose instigation,. it is alleged, the Government took the proceedings against Captain WaddeD, of which such a mess has been made. The Government did either too much or too little. They ought to have been sure of their information being well founded before seizing the Shenandoah, said, if they were correct in the first step, they would have been warranted in retaining possession of her. By their conduct they have equally offended North and South.
THE CONFEDERATE STEAM-RAM STONEWALL Tht

LISBON BLItBOllR.

IT has been mentioned that the Portuguese fort of Belein, at the

entrance of Lisbon Harbour, fired upon the American Federal ships of war Niagara and Sacramento, when the Governor of the fort believed that they were about to break the neutrality of the harbour by going out in pursuit of the Confederate vessel Stonewall. The Portuguese Government has since apologised, and dismissed the Governor from his post. We have received from a Lisbon correspondent, Mr. Henry Jauncey, the drawing which we have engraved, and it is accompaaie

with the following letter:

"Lisbon, March 28, 1865.

"The Confederate steam-ram Stonewall having come into this port on the 26th, and thin]c.iag a likeness of her might prove acceptable t. you, I take the liberty of forwarding one, which I flatter myself is a faithful one. The Stonewall is a steam-rani of about 1200 tons measurement, brig-rigged, and of 500-horse power, capable of working up as high as 1700. She carries three gnus mounted-two 70-pounder Armstrong guns in the turret abaft the mainmast, and one B00-pound.er Armstrong gun in the forecastle, just over the "ram;" this gun can also be trained as a broadside gun, and. is a most forxnldable piece of artillery. The turret is not a movable one, but the guns can be trained to bear either fore or aft, or as broadside guns likewise. She is plated with 5 in. iron plates, and 6 in. forward. The "rata' projects about 18 ft. under the water line, and is very sharp; it gradually rounds off to the deck, and is surmounted by the 3DO

ounder. She steams very fast, the officers say thirteen knots at wa.

he Stonewall was built, at Bordeaux, for the Danish navy; but, not ..bethg finished in time, was rejected by the Danes, and then was bought by the Ocnfederatea. She has just come down from Ferrol, where she had been repairing; and the Niagara and Sacramento, who have besa on the look out for her, arrived last evening. They cannot leave the port now till twenty-four hours after the sailing of the Stonewall, an& are both off Belern with steam up, as are also the Portuguese corvettes Sagres and Mindello. The Stonewall is commanded by Captain T. J. Page, of the Confederate navy, and has a strong company of ocers and men. They show every attention to the numerous visitors who have gone on board. She has been ordered by the Portuguese Government to leave in twenty four hours, and is now going out, and the Niagara and Sacramento cannot leave till twentyfour hours after. I show in the sketch, besides the Stonewall, the Portuguese corvette Sagrea and the Federals Niagara and Sacramento, and, in the distance, Fort St. Juliau'a and the Bugio Lighthouse."

On reference to our Illustistion, it should be observed that the

Sacramento and Niagara are seen to the left hand, the Niagara being

the nearer of the two; while the Bugin Lighthouse is seen in the distance, between the Niagara and the Stonewall; the Portuguese corvette and Fort St. Julian are shown to the right hand of the View.
flJC%LLLUSJJfl.UU.

It is probably not within the memory of many experienced Plja

mentarians that the Army and Navy Estimates have been left

unfinished at the Easter recess. As regards the Army Estimates,

the delay has arisen out of the singular infelicity of the vote of £50,000 for the defences of Canada, which could be of avail in no possible way-unless, indeed, it was intended as an artful mode of testing the opinion of the House on the question of general policy, if that be the case, Government hays had what they wished to their heart's content. The fourth discussion on the subject as initiated by Lord Eloho last week, was dull in comparison with IQ which had previously gone before, although it was as full as ever of that curious argument that Canada is to be defended by England, but that England is wholly incapable of defending Canada. The debate was notable for a reproduction of a statement that, without being aware of it, the country has in its midst a modern Wolfea young soldier who has all the qualifications of that heaven-born commander, except that he decidedly objects to fight upon the same ground on which Wolfe was victorious. According to Lord Eloho, even such a man is to be found in the person of Major Anson, member for Lichfield, who did the House the honour of iterating the speech which he made on a former evening, and which, as interpreted by Sir .Tohn Pakington, means that the British soldier in Canada should immediately perfect himself in a manoeuvre not hitherto specially in*luded in his training-that of running away. The moat satisfactory contribution to the debate was the speech of Mr. Kinglake, which, as usual, was so diplomatically shaped that no one could tell in the least which way he leaned, and one heartily wishes that all the rest of the speakers had been equally unintelligible to those persona who are, it may be supposed, most interested in knowing exactly what England will do in the event of an invasion of Canada.

'P1. ..... ,. .. ,.4 . ... -. . 1.411 1 #1 .. , -
The Consul-General for the negro republic of Liberia, Mr. Gerard Ralston, and the Portuguese Ambassador, count La'vradio, have just figned a treaty of commerce between the two States which contains the k,uosclng claaee :-" Art. 10.-As, by the laws of the kingdom of Port'!gal and of the republic of Liberia, the slave trade is aesimilated to the vesads or aubeete of both the aforesaid countries that may be rnd employed In this Maroons trade aheil be tried and punished by the of their reepeclkys countries according to the aforesaid laws." It I remarkable that the two negro republics of Hayti and Liberia were the States which art the example of introducing this provision into an InterrtL)nal treaty of commerce, though England, America, and other States have

I declared the slave trade to be piracy by their statete law and several of

t Powers have made spot tl trestles for the suppression of the slave _i. Thu Republic of L' t'eria, as our readers are probably aware, is existence to the corta of the American Colonisation Society, ieh has from thee to time, since it was established, some forty years ago, !it out large numbers of enaexielpated negroes from the United States, end ,. ted them on the meet of Africa, to form an independent political cornruity. The President now is. Mr. Warner Since the death of the late President T'.uon, who was an able and enlightened man. The population is about I 11 a million, chle speaking English. Their little capital city, named I nro'sia, is a place of some trade , and furnished with churches, schools, C 1ee, newapepers, and other thlliaed institutions, besides being the seat of ('rorzment, with a Senate and House of Representatives holding session t.v. TtiBepublic has no standing army, but all its citizens, except clergy. nu an,] judges, are bound to serve in the militia, to which the Emperor of t Yrcnth has i'roedted l) nmsketa; while the sole vessel of the Liberian ;-y, a suh,oner ef five guns, is a gift from the Queen of Great Britain. It

i. zrstymg to Lrar goo4 oxt'et, of this experiment of el r,rnety for,
THE DEFEAT OF GENERAL LEE.

TaE gallant Generalissimo of the Confederate forces has siis

tamed what may fairly be regarded. as his first, and what will probably prove to be his last, defeat in defensive warfare. As the ablest and most accomplished commander which the civil war has produced, the public, 'without disthtctionof parties, is at some lose whether most to admire his long and almost unbroken career 0.f successful defence, or to commiserate him under the inevitable catastrophe that has broken his power. For General

Lee's qualities were of that high order, and were so happily balanced, that he not merely won the respect, but elicited the sympathy, of the ciyjlised world. But for the spirit which he breathed into his soldiers and. the confidence in his invincibility with vhioh he had inspired. the South, the course of Secession would, perkps, have been a shorter one, but it is doubtful if it would. have retained to the close that heroic character which has enlisted so large an amount of feeling in. its favour. He put upon. the contest the stamp of his n.obility. Whether he would have counselled his compatriots to submit their differences with the North to the arbitrement of 'War niay be questioned.; but, that decision having been taken, his patriotism instantly proscribed for him his line of duty. .Alorig that line he has unfalteringly marched, not, indeed, to final 'victory, but to highest glory; and probably, when the dii]. of arm has ceased, and the gapiug wounds through which
that decision having been taken, his patriotism instantly pro.

scribed for him his line of duty. Along that line he has imfalteringly marched, not, indeed, to final victory, but to highest glory; and probably, when the dlxi of arms has ceased, and the gaping wounds through which the Iffe-blood of the Republic still. flows have been closed and

healed, the one name which will be remembered with most pride and. veneration in connection 'With this gigantic struggle will be that of General Lee.

The evacuation of Petersburg and. Richmond has for some weeks past been looked upon as mainly a question of time. Sherman's march- northward. from Savannah and Sheridan's olea.rance of the Shenandoah Valley indicated clearly enough that no generalship 'could ulti. ma.tly avail to make a single aTD1yaaieqnalnatchforthethree that were gathering round it. Axad yet the event was not foreshadowed, at least in the form in which it happened, by public epectation. Whilst it was easy to foresee that the superior

riunibers, the larger resources, and the untiring pertinacity of the Federals must, in the end, overbear Lee's position, in spite of the most consummate strategical skill, it was hardly anticipated that he would himself begin the fight which has had for him andfor his army such a disastrous termination. The dashing assault of Fort Steadnian, early on the 25th nit., which, together with twominor works, the Confederates captured, but were unable to retain, seems to have precipitated. the crisis. Whether it was a desperate venture with the hope of seizing Grant's military railway at City Point, and thereby compelling him to abandon the whole of his line south of the Appomattox; or whether

confusion on the Boyd-ton Plank-road, succeeded in routing the Confederates and gaining the important position at which he had aimed. His success having been reported, Grant ordered an attack along the whole line. The battle raged furiously until the evening of April 2, and during the night Petersburg and Richmond were both evacuated. The losses on both sides were great, but, as might have been expected, the vanquished stifered most severely, especially in the number of prisoners taken.

Since the commencement of the war no battle has been fought the result of which was so calculated to fill the hearts
political reasons of which we have yet received no information prevailed upon Lee to assume the offensive, the effect appears to have been to produce conviction on Grant's mind that the time had come for him to strike with all the force, be could command. This conviction, it may be assumed, was converted into a resolution at the, council of war held, on the 27th, at which Mr. Lincoln and General Sherman were present. On the 35th, Sheridan, after several ineffectual attempts to cut the Southaide railroad, in one of which th Fedra1s were forced. back in

of the Confederates with dismay as the three days' conflict in the neighbourhood of Petersburg. Whilst Lee's army remained. 'unconquered, Secessia naturally refused to give up hope. The capture of Vicksburg, of Atlanta, of Savannah, of Wilmington, of Charleston, successively deepened. the gloom which hung over her prospects; but there was one bright soot, to which she could. always turn with some confidence in her forecast of her probable destiny. Other Generals might be unsuccessful, other armies might be beaten and scattered, but whilst General

Lee contrnuea at -the 3jeadvt those troops which' h .hnd. so often . led to victory it. 'was, no doubt, diffiovit for bh

Southerners to believe that the cause for which they had made so many sacrifices, and 'which had lived through so many fluctuations, had. 'become desperate. They locked. wistfully towards him as the living freight of a tempest-tossed. vessel might lock towards the pilot who has weathered. the wildest storms, and whilst he grasped the helm and. maintained. a cheerful countenance, trust in his marvellous sagacity and is. the good. fortune, which had waited. upon it served to give buoyancy to their courage and forbade their yielding place to despair. Lee's defeat, with the loss of perhaps half his army, is the heaviest reverse which has ever befallen them, because it throws its ominous shadow so far forward into the future. There is no visible reserve upon which he can fall back; and, although he may yet achieve brilliant military feats, it 'would.
despair. Lee's defeat, with the loss of perhaps half his army, is the heaviest reverse which has ever befallen them, because it throws its ominous shadow so far forward into the future. There is no visible reserve upon which he can fall back; and, although he may yet achieve brilliant military feats, it would appear most unlikely that he will be able to save from dissolution. that unity of national organisation, to conserve and consolidate which his heroic eergles have hitherto been. devoted.

It would appear in the highest degree improbable that the Confederacy can. hope to win back by a continuance of the struggle the good fortune they have lost. Late events have strongly indicated that their strength is wellnigh exhausted. For four years they have endured a strain upon their vitality far beyond reasonable expectation. Indeed, miti] within the last twelvemonth, it seemed that no external force could succeed in. piercing the line behind which the non-com. batantpopulation was sheltered Sherman pierced it, and fonni

that the interior of the shell was hollow. His march througl

Georgia to the coast, and from the coast upward, into the hear of North Carolina, demonstrated that the whole roflutar' strength of the Confederacy had been placed upon the frontie and that no means of effectual resistance 'would avail i if General Lee's force were destroyed. That calamity has no befallen it. The North Virginian army, the hope and stay c the Southern States;, has at last, after a most gallant resiatan.c been shattered and driven forth from the capital and its ontpos The defeat seems irreversible-at least, as far as visible pn. babilities can throw light upon it. The Legislature is sea
tered; the President is in flight; the organised force of the

nation is disintegrated and, comparatively speaking, dispersed;

and, 'what is worse, should its several parts once more come together, although it might obtain favourable terms, it could hardly restore to the South another momentary chance of establishing her separate independence.

In truth, the moat recent tidings from the scene of conflict point with more than common significance to the probability that the end is drawing nigh. Sheridan, followed by Meade, pursued Lee in his retreat with dogged perseverance, and, two or three days after the evacuation of Petersburg, found the Confederates at the intersection of Burkeville-station road with the road upon which they were retiring drawn up to resist him. Connecting his cavalry with two divisions of the 6th Army Corps, he instantly attacked them and forced them from their position, capturing six generals and making several thousand prisoners. General Lee was reported to have posted the remains of his force a little later on the heights beyond Sailor's Creek, having previously destroyed the bridges across the stream. It may be conjectured that he will have reached Lyncbburg without further serious molestation, and within its strongly. fortified lines he will have time to survey all the possibilities which late events have left him. His outlook, however, cannot but be a gloomy one, even on the supposition that matters during the next month turn out more fortunately for him than lie might feel himself warranted to anticipate. No doubt, if the Southern population, instead of being paralysed by despair, should be roused by the losses they have sustained to new determination, the North would still have a work of immense difficulty before it. But if the conduct of the Congress that lately sat at Richmond can be regarded as furnishing a key to the feelings of the people they ostensibly represented, the inference seems unavoidable that no supreme effort of selfsacrifice is to be expected.

 Vnder such circumstances, the friends of humanity can scarcely desire that the contest should be prolonged. Gallantry has done its best and failed; may not wisdom now step forward and accept the issue? There is no lack of honourable precedents for such a course. Waste of blood is always to be deprecated; and perhaps the most brilliant courage, when unavailing, is most strikingly set off by a frank acquiescence in arrangements which it has tried its utmost to prevent. But it lies chiefly with the North to facilitate a return to peace and unity. There is no hour so favourable for magnanimity as that of decisive victory. There is no generosity which can penetrate the heart like the generosity of superior power in the full flush of success. The occasion is one which devolves on President Lincoln a responsibility commensurate with the glorious opportunity put within his reach by General Grant's triumph. That he will be indisposed to recognise it we have no present reason for suepecthg. Words of conciliation will best become his lips at this juncture-words fitted to calm down apprehension, to -soothe wounded pride, and to replace a hope that is crushed by another that may be gratefully welcomed.

GENERAL GRANT.

Liv.Gmnn,tr. Unvesm S. GBAT, the Commander-in.

Chief of the Federal armies is a native of the State of Ohio, and was

born in the year 1828. e was educated for his profession in the

United States Military Academy at West Point, in the State of New York. After leaving that institution, he received his appointment as Lieutenant in the 4th Infantry in 1845, and served with much credit throughout the Mexican War. In 1847 he was appointed QuarterMaster of his regiment, but soon afterwards left the service and settled in the State of illinois, where he carried on the business of a tanner. When the civil war broke out, in 1861, he volunteered for active service, and obtained the command of the 2nd Volunteer Regiment of Illinois, but was presently advanced to the rank of Major-General. In the battle of Belmont, on the Mississippi, fought in November of that year, he was opposed to the Confederate Generals Pillow and Polk; and, though he was compelled to retreat before a very superior force, he gave proofs of a high degree of judgment and military skill. The capture of Fort Henry, on the Tennessee River, and Fort Donneison, on the Cumberland River, in the course of that winter placed the whole of the State of Kentucky and ajreat part of the State of Tennessee in the

heavy losses, contrived to reach the banks of the James River, which have since formed his base of operations. The town of Petersburg, seine twenty miles to the smith of Richmond, has been the point most obstinately contested in the circuit of the Confederate defences. It is doubtful how much longer the resistance of General Lee might have been prolonged but for the approach of Sherman's army, which has recently obliged Lee to detach from the lines before' Richmond a considerable part of his force. The result, which seems likely to put an end to the war, is the evacuation of Petersburg and Richmond, which took place during the first two or three days of this month. There can be little doubt of the high military abilities of General Grant, and still less of the extraordinary degree of resolution and perseverance which he has displayed in these most arduous and dict'lt undertakings. The Portrait engraved on our front page is from a photograph by Mr. Brady, of the National Portrait (la11ery, New York.
necut eftheFederal Government T and the merit of these achievements belongs to General Grant, though he was materially aesiated by the gnn..boat squadron. On the 0th and 7th of April, 1862, was. fought the battle of Shilob, near Corinth, one of the fiercest and bloodest conflicts of the war-General Grant having to contend with Beauregard and Sydney Jbnsthn, who had united their armies to crush him before he could be joined by Bnell. On this memorable occasion he sustained for twenty hours the attack of their combined forces, which greatly outnumbered his own, and succeeded in holding his ground until General Bud came up, when a complete victory rewarded the constancy and courage of the Federal commander. His next great performance was the siege of Vickaburg, in the eady part of 1803. His plan for the reduction of that fortress, which Sherman had in 'rain attempted the year before, involved a march of 150 miles through the hostile country of Mississippi State, so as to arrive at the rear of Vicksburg. The misconduct of Pemberton, the Confederate General in command of Vickshtrg, and the insufficient strength of General Joseph yohnston, who was to have raised the siege, contributed to the successful issue of Grant's bold enterprise, which had seemed one of the greatest hazard. He remained in Mississippi, having the chief command of the Federal armies in the south-western States during the autumn and winter of 1863; and, as soon as the position of Chattanooga had fallen into the hands of the Federals, he conceived the design of sendin

8--am , then Brigadier-General, to invade North Georgia, whence the Confederate armies were drawing their principal supply of munitions and snot iriel of war. The execution of this plan was hindered for some months, having been postponed to that of the march towards Mobile, which produced no useful result. Meantime Grant was recalled to Washington, to take the supreme command of all the Federal armies, which, with the rank of Lieutenant-General, was conferred upon him in the spring of 1884. Within eight weeks from the date of this commission he began his celebrated march to Richmond, having divided his army into two coluinna, one of which crossed the Bapidan, seventy miles from the Confederate capital, and plunged headforemost into the midst of the intrenehed positions of the enemy; while the other, having been conveyed by sea to Fortress Monroe, advanced towards Richmond along the banks of the James River. The frightful carnage 'which befell the flxt division of Grant's army in the battles of the Wilderness, Spottaylvania, and Cold Harbour. from the 5th of May to the 3rd of June last year, shocked all feelings of humanity, and brought some reproach upon Grant, as reckl180

sf

the lives of his soldiers. General Grant, however, disregarding these compiswts, persisted in the campaign, which has now been brought to a erm1ntxon, Finding it hopele2s to attack Richmond bythe direct NO frii tJ ncrtli, he turned aside to the left hand, and, in spite of
AMERICA. FALL OF RICIIMONI) AND PTRS]3URG. RETREAT OF LB.

We were able to announce in a part of our Town Edition last week

that General Lee had sustained a great defeat, and that Petersburg and Richmond had been evacuated by the Confederates and occupied by the victorious Federals. It was already known that there had been much hard fighting on the 81st nit. between General Grant's extretne left, under General Sheridan, and the Confederates, but that there lied been no great result. On the let inst. the engagement was renewed, and in the afternoon General Sheridan cut the Confederate right at Five Forks Station, on the Southeide Railway, and captured several thousand prisoners and some guns. At an early hour on the morning of the 2nd inst., a general attack was made on the Confederate lines in front of Petersburg, and was successful after very severe fighting, the Confederates retiring into the intrenchments immediately about Petersburg. Durinthe night the city was evacuated, and on the morning of the 3rd inst. it was occupied by the Federals. Richmond had also been evacuated at the same time, and was likewise occoupied by General Weitzel's Federal corps on the morning of the 3rdi.nt. The Confederates had blown up their vessels of war at Richmond and Petersburg, had destroyed most of the bridges, and had burned large quantities of tobacco and stores. Nothing was accurately known as to the amount of the losses on each side, but on the 4th inst. General Grant estimated that his entire losses up to that date would not exceed 7000 men killed, wounded, and missing. He added that on the previous day more than 2000 Confederates were made prisoners; and in a previous despatch of the 2nd inst. he had stated that up to that time his army had
