UNIJ.EJJ 1A'11.

A discussion has taken place in the Cabinet, at Washington, on the subject of union reconstruction, and the President has expressed his determination to adhere to the line of policy he had originally laid down for himself.

The Federal army is being shorn of its huge proportions with

marvellous rapidity. Since May last 700,000 men have been mustered out of the service, leaving on the pay-rolls about 880,000.

At the late elections in Kentucky the Opposition voters are said to

have been driven from the polls by the military.

General Palmer, of Kentucky, had addressed to President Johnson

an explanatory letter with regard to the position of slavery in Kentucky. He says that, in order to relieve the towns into which the negroes were flocking, he was obliged to grant them passes to cross the river into Ohio. He estimates that there are not more than 50,000 slaves left out of the 250,000 at the beginning of the war.

The emancipated negroes in various localities are adopting measures

to bring their claims to the suffrage before the people. A call for a

national convention to settle the question is being extensively circulated in South-astern Virginia.

In Maine a Republican convention has been held, at which resolutions were passed favourable to negro suage, and making the abolition of slavery a condition to the admission of the southern States into the Union; also urging the prompt trial and punishment of Mr. Davis.

Provisional Governor Hamilton, of Texas, in a proclamation,

admonishes the Texas to dispel the prevalent delusion that slavery still exists.

The Secession party in North Carolina are again raising their heads, and marking their detestation of Federal domination. It was lately proposed by them to ftae the returned soldiers of the Confederate army, and accordingly arrangements were made for a public dinner at Raleigh. The authorities were, however, on the alert, and the proceeding was forbidden.

The Shenandoah is still exciting the apprehensions of the Americans; but Mr. Mason has explained in a letter to the London papers that, as soon as the news of the termination of the war reached this country, instructions were dispatched to the Confederate commander to take his ship into the nearest convenient port and have her forthwith disarmed. Mr. Mason "presume therefore, that her hostile cruise has long since ended."

A dreadful accident occurred on Lake Huron on the evening of the 9th inst. Two steamers, the Pewabic and the Meteor, came into collision while running at full speed. The former vessel sunk almost instantly, carrying down nearly 100 passengers. The remainder of those on board, numbering seventy-five persons, were rescued by the Meteor.

The caterpillar has appeared on several of the Lotusianan planta..

thins, "foreboding," says a New York telegram, "the destruction of the cotton crop."

The Siamese Twins write to the New York journals that they have been ruined by the war, and that they intend to exhibit themselves once more, accompanied by several of their children.
"WE don't expect no good grammar here, but you might shut the scenes to." Such was stated by the late Mr. G. A. a Beckett to have been a criticism which he heard publicly addressed by a gentleman of the chimney-sweeping persuasion. to the manager of one of the inferior theatres. One feels singularly inclined to adapt the remonstrance to present circumstances, and address it to such of our American friends as are grumbling and murmuring against England, and looking jealously because we are exchanging courtesies with France. With such a press as that of the States, and with universal suffrage in the hands of persons who are led by such a press, it would be unreasonable to expect argument, or even patient attention to the arguments of others. But considering that five years ago all the inhabitants of the States were "Americans," and that to censure one of them, North or South, was to offend all; and

Then, again, let them charge us with cowardice if they will; but we perceive another awful peril from which we have escaped. Only suppose that things had taken a different turn, and matters had been arranged without an appeal to the sword. Suppose that the gun from Sumter had awakened not rage, but common-sense; and that men who spoke the English language had unanimously exclaimed that they were not going to kill one another for tariffs or niggers, and that a convention should settle all disputes. We heartily wish that such a solution had been tried. But suppose, also, that John Bull had at once given way to all those feelings which he is now abused for lacking; and, while things looked like war, had opened his mouth in denunciation of the wicked slaveowners and traitors;-why, as soon as peace had been made, both sides would have turned upon the insolent Bull, and demanded how he dared to expect anything but a calm and rational line of conduct from American. citizens Nations ruled and schooled by a savage aristocracy might go to war for red and white roses, for lovelocks and roundheads, for stars of Brunswick and Popish warming-pans; but enlightened citizens were not so to be dragged into bloodshed. And it would have required all the civility possessed by Earl Russell to frame despatches to avoid a castigatory war, such as that with which we are now menaced because some of our upper ten thousand believed what the American press had been so long saying about the aristocratic character of the slaveowner.

We certainly should be exceedingly sorry if the hatred which is stated to be prevalent against us in. the States should take the form of actual hostility. Should it do so, we believe that it will be in opposition to the wishes and feelings of the Government of the States and of educated citizens. Bat if a nation will give universal suffrage to the scum of all lands, that nation must be prepared to find the intruders troublesome, and moreover, disposed to fraternise with the lowest and most ignorant part of the home population. It is chiefly among politicians from these classes that the anti-English feeling is kept up, and we could hardly wish that such a population did not hate English institutions. We are content, for the present, to believe that the hostile sentiments, of which we hear so much, are mainly those of the classes whom all cultivated persons hold in contempt, and whom statesmen endeavour also to hold in subjection. And, believing this, we have, in all good-humour, appealed to the real American citizen to look back to what he now calls "old times," but which are not so very old, and to remember our relations as they then were, He was so stern in. teaching us that we were not to suppose any American ever in the wrong that he ought not to be angry with us for being slow to believe that
considering that since that time a very large 'lTOn ot these Americans declared their belief that it would be a go d. thing to divide the country into two parts, we may almost b9 allowed to suggest that American gentlemen should settle matters among themselves, and somehow induce the minority to assent to the views of the majority before flying at strangers and threatening to fight them because a few thousands here thought that seven millions tlxere had something to say for themselves. The American manager should "shut tb.a scenes to."

Will our friends over the water forget the war and all its glories and miseries, for a few minutes, and just reconstruct American society and reproduce American feeling as they existed a year before the Sumter gun was fired. May we ask them, in all good nature, whether at that time an English writer who should have said of the smallest Southern State what all the Northern organs are now saying of the whole South, would not have been abused with all the force of the press and of public oratory in all parts of the Union? Is it not notorious that no American ever could bear to hear a single syllable against 'any other American? There was never any clanship like it, except, perhaps, in Scotland.; but there are but three millions of Scottish people, and they are supposed to be all more or less related, so that to insult a Scot is to abuse a family. In America there were thirty millions all bound to "crack one another up," and they did it. In travelling, could anything be more unlike thau. the mode in which an Englishman and a Yankee.spoke when a. countryman of either had disgraced himself. "A smoothfaced rascal, Sir," John Bull would say, loud enough to Fe heard three quarters up the table-d'h™te, "and I'm glad he's come to grief. His father got his peerage by jobbery, and the whole family is no better than it ought to be. It is a good thing that a scandalous lot will be cleared out of the public service." And he gave a kind o Rhadamanthine nod of approval of his own stern justice. Not so the American in similar circumstances:-" The kind, of treatment necessary in such cases, Sir, is not rightly apprehended except by those who live in the localities, and the gentleman you name has made his way to affluence from very humble beginnings, and we do not judge such a man harshly, and he has much influence with the people." Such were the different ways in which Englishmen and Americans were accustomed to deal with their fellow. citizens. We do not offer an opinion as to which was the wiser course, or whether it is better to be perfectly frank and honest and ignore all accidental ties, or whether we should wash all our dirty linen at home: we only wish to remind the Americans that it was only the other day that no stranger could, without offence, hint to one of them that another was in the wrong. And now they talk of quarrelling with us because, at a couple of thousand miles distance, and with no information on which we could absolutely rely, some of us were not ready at the shortest notice to call six or seven millions of Americans thieves, rebels, traitors, murderers, and miscreants. We simply put the matter on the ground of fair play.
seven millions of Americans are such atrocious monsters that they ought to be exterminated, and, their property (over ;9100D) -given to other American gentlemen of more correct view's. But if menace and accusation go on, we may be apter pupils than he imagines in learning to express ourselves plainly.

Here, however, is a stray leat or tne enormous gooscoerry" pmut. The colour-box used by William llogarth, I read in a daily journal, is in the possession of a certain Colonel in Jersey city, NJ., United States. It is so many inches square and so many inches deep. This historical paintbox, we are told, was purchased by one of the Colonel's English ancestors "at the sale of Hogarth's effects, which took place in London shortly after his decease." Now, that Hogarths colour-box, or his palette, 01' his snuffbox (if he took snuff), or his wig should be in the possession of any lady or gentleman in America or elsewhere, is perfectly feasible, This particular "box" story, however, loses its credibility from the fact that no sale of William Eogarth's effects took place shortly after or for a great many years following his death. His 'widow, faithful Jane Thornhill, cave to the house in Leicesterfields, and till she died-a 'very old lady indeed, almost within the memory of men still living-seld nothing belonging to her husband, save impressions from his engravings. John Thomas Smith, the engraver, remembered very well going to Mrs. Hogarth to buy a copy of "'lhe Modern Midnight Conversation," and the widow receiviu

him in the front parlour, and showin him a milkmaid's head in oil from the hand of William. "They said he could not colour," cried the good old dame. "They lied. There 'efiesh and blood for you !" I am afraid it is somebody else's palutbox of which the New Tersey Colonel has got hold.
¥  UNITED STATES.

We have intelligence from New York to the .1 )th alt.

¥ It is stated semi-ocia]Jy that Jefferson Davis is to be tried in

Civil court for high treason, that the writ of habeas corpus is to b restored, and that military courts are to be suspended.

The ordinance prohibiting the Legislature from passing laws mi

posing any civil disability, punishment, or forfeiture of estate upo citizens engaged in the late civil war, or for political opiuiotr Occasned thereby, has passed a first reading. is now denied that there are any Cabinet differences a Washington on the subject of reconstructing the Union.

The lVu, York Herald states that General Lee has been offered ani has declined the presidency of Washington College, Lexington.

The Constitutional Committee of the Mississippi State Conventlo: has roported in favour of the State Constitutional Amenthnen abolishing slavery.
The Maine Democratic Convention has indorsed President Tohnson's reconstruction policy.

The military authorities of Charleston have ordered all editors to submit their leading articles to the authorities before publication.

A frightful picture is drawn of the condition of Texas, the interior of which is said to be reduced to barrenness, owing to the neglebt of agriculture, whilst society is demoralized and robbery and outlawry are supreme.

The Tines Washington despatch says:-" Statistics show that during the rebellion the Federal armies captured over 800,000 prisoners, besides patrolling about 160,000 more of the final surrender."

In New Orleans an extensive system of negro schools is in operation. There are 280 teachers, and 15,000 children are taught in the daytime, and 8000 adults at night, A military ten of one cent in ten dollars is levied on all real estate to defray the expenses of these schools.

On Aug. 1. 8804 bales of cotton arrived in Mobile, the largest amount that has reacted there in one day for a number of years.

A magazine in Richmond, containing 2000 rounds of shell and, other ammunition, exploded on the 15th ult., destroying property valued at 100,000 dols. Only two lives were lost.

A collision occured, on the 10th nit., on the ifousitonac Railroad, near Bridgeport, Connecticut, by which six ladies, a man, and two boys were killed, and fifteen severely wounded.

Great excitement was caused in New York, on the 10th ult., by the

spension of the baiddug-house of Kitchuni, Son, and Co., in conequence of the discovery of extensive issues of forged gold certificates and abstraction of funds and securities by one of the partners, Edward liitchum. The amount of the defalcation is variously estimated at lrcm two and a hail to five millions, involving in losses several bankers and brokers. Edward Xitchum had absconded with upwards of 000,000 dols. of the abstracted funds in his possession. A reward of 5000 dois. had been offered by the Importers' and Traders' Bank, cvhicb lcst heavily by his defalcation for his arrest
The Philadelphia Nort1 American says there are six or eigbt

fc-inale r;hyioians fu that city, whose practice is equal to that of the average of male physicians. One of them keeps three horse in constant use.
Another "2?,'nes man" has made his mark in the Thunderer this week. Mr. Frank Lawley, some time special correspondent of that journal in the Southern States of America, has written a long and eloquent letter on the alleged maltreatment and starvation of Federal prisoners in Southern prisons, exculpating Mr. Jefferson Davis and '(eneral Lee from having in any way sanctioned the cruelties to which it was alleged the captives of the Confederate bow and spear were subjected at Richmond and Andersonville. Touching the whole question of the treatment of prisoners of war, North and South, during the late conflict, I venture to hold the opinion that there is a great deal to be said on both sides. Just this time last year I happened to be at Saratoga, and there I was waited upon by a deputation of

onthern exiles, ladies and gentlemen, entreating me, as an Englishman, to move public opinion in my own country with, a view to the melioration of the wretched condition of the Southern soldiers conlined in Federal prisons. Then I bought in New York a large photographic portrait of a Northern "bhoy," recently released from captivity in the Libby prison, and who, by insufficient food, had been reduced literally to the condition of a skeleton; but photographs as painful might have been taken, I am afraid, of desperate cases of atrophy in the Lincoln Hospital atWashington.

ily. He wrote me the other day from Buffalo, N.Y., intro

S111% g an American gentleman whom I should have been delighted to weisome, but whom, owing to my being at the period of his visit in the interior of Africa, I unfortunately missed. '1 shall be with

Tou soon," quoth Artemus, "with my Mormons and things." Thhe

,Xo=ons and things," in the shape of a lecture on Great Salt Lake City, were found irresistibly comical in the States. I wonder whether they would be appreciated, here. We are 80 hard to please; and yet, if the public roar vith laughter at "Mrs. Brown at the Play," they surely ought to scream with hilarity at the sayings of the drollest lecturer lever listened to. On the whole, I should advise A. W. to put on "a clean biied rag," which is Artemisian for a clean shirt, and cross the Atlantic. rat" Mormons and things don't take, he will be at least enabled to study some English peculiarities of which he can make good use when he returns to the U.S.

The African King of the Barsas recently sent a reQuest to

resident Jobnson for* a waterproof coat. One has been sent Mm.
In wLich I m reminded of another "live Yankee," as droll in his way, in re1ity, as Sam Slick was in fiction. I have the pleasure to inform my readers that "Artenw Ward" is coming, and that very
- -. UI uguiit, 'B1t As""

e lose Dlustzatian We now -p

quote, from the authorised journal of the exedition, a narrative of the subsequent attempts to find and raise the' cable, at a depth of 2000 fathoms; the locality being, as stated, in latitude 51 deg. 2.6 min., longitude B9deg. (3 mix,, which is distant 1062 miles from Valencia, Ixeland, and 605 miles from eart's Content Bay, Newfoundland-the nearest parts respeOtively of the European and American shores. Immediately after the breakixi of the cable, Mr. Canning, the chief engineer, resolved to try and pick it up again from the bottom of the Atlantic. This might have seemed a hopeless task:

"But, then," says Mr. Russell, in his journal, "what would they say in Engiand if not even an attempt, however desperate, had been made? There were men on board who had picked up broken cables from the Mediterranean full 600 fathoms down. The weather was beautiful, and, although there were no soundings, and the depth beneath us was matter of conjecture, it was settled that the Great Eastern should steam ten or twelve miles to windward. and. eastward of the position in which she was when the cable went down, out with the grapnels and. wire rope, and drift down across the track in which the cable was supposed. to be lying. Although all utterance of hope was suppressed and no word of confidence escaped the lips, both were treasured in the fancy. The doctrine of chances could not touch such a contingency as we had to speculate upon. And now came forth the

¥ grapnels-two five-armed anchors, with flukes, sharply curved and tapering to an oblique, tooth]ike end, the-hooks with which the engineer was going to fish from the Great Eastern for a take worth, with all its belongings, more than a million. The ship stood. away some thirteen or fourteen miles from the spot where the accident occurred, and then lay-to inamooth water, with the Terrible in company. The grapnels, weighing three cwt., shackled and secured to a length of wire buoy-rope, of which there were five miles on board (breaking strain calculated at tenton), was brought up to the bows, and at 8.20, ship's time, was thrown over and. 'whistled through' the sea a prep to fortune. At first the iron sank but slowly, but soon the momentum of descent increased so as to lay great stress on the picking-up machinery now rendered available to lowering the novel messenger we were sending down armed with warrant of search for he fugitive hidden in mysterious caverns beneath, Length flew after length overcog-wheel and drum till the iron wires, warming with work, heated at last so as to convert the water thrown upon the machinery into clouds of steam. The time passed heavily indeed. All life had died out in the vessel, and no noise was heard except the dull grating of -the wire cable over the wheels at the bows. The most apathetic and indifferent would have sacrificed much to have heard the rumble of the cable again, and esteemed it the most grateful music in the world. The electricians' room was closed, all their subtle apparatus stood functionless, and cell-zinc and copper threw o

 superfluous currents in the silent chamber of science. Away flew the wire strands, length after length-ocean was indeed insatiable'Morel' and Morel' cried the daughter of horseleech from the black night of waters and still the rope descended. Onethousand fathomsfifteen hundred fathomstwo thousand fathoms-hundreds again mounting up, till at last, at 5.6 p.m., the strain was diminished, and at 2500 fathoms, or 15,000 feet., the grapnel reached the bed of the Atlantic and set to its task of finding and holding the cable. Where

that lay was, of course, beyond human knowledge; but, as the ship drifted. down across its course, there was -just a sort of head-shaking surmise that the grapnel might catch it-that the ship might feel itthat the iron rope might be brought up again, and that the cable, if across it, might-here was the most hazardous hitch of all-come up without breaking."  -

.Weaies te the Žhest wiek -1-we the ei-eeate e the Great

Rate wkila egagsdix this seazs' Ang is Aag The cable was grappled three times-namely, on the 3rd, the 7th, and again the 11th of August; it was lifted each time a considerable way from the bottom; but the grapnels, ropes, and lilting machinery were not sufficient to bring it to the surface. The different places at which the cable was thus taken hold of were several miles apart. On the first occasion, Aug. 8, the grapnel having been let down overnight as above described, they began to haul in the rope early in the morning :

"At eight o'clock 300 fathoms were in, said it became evident to all on board that the grapnel was holding on and lilting 'something' from the bottom. And what could that something be but the cable? The scientific men calculated the strain and determined it could not be from the wire rope and grapnel solely, and it could only be inferred then that, as the bottom of the Atlantic is free from rocks here, and as the depth at which the rope -began to resist agreed with the supposed soundings, it had really grappled the prize. Presently the spur wheel of the pickingup apparatus broke, and the. operation of taking in the rope became dangerous as well as difflult, for it flew up at times with such force as to knock down those near it, and one of the most valuable of Mr. -Canning's staff received a severe cut on the cheek, and another had an ugly injury inflicted on his face from that cause. The weather, which had been very thick and hazy, now settled down into a dense fog, arid we lost sight of the Terrible; but the conviction that the cable was really once more attached to the Great Eastern,
no matter how precariously, and no matter how far off, aorded too much cause for congratulation, conjecture, and suspense to allow much room for other thoughts. There was a chance-just a chance-.that the cable might be dragged up from the deep; and every hundred fathom of hawser handed in over the bows was oyousIy recorded, and marked as an additional step in the march of this forlorn hope. The hawser toiled and pulled as if it were a living thing, and struck out at a considerable angle from the bows as if it were towed by some giant force underneath and away from the steamer. When 500 fathoms were in-board, the most sceptical admitted the cable must be on the iron hooks, and anxiety and suspense rose higher just as the probability of recovering the cable became less wild, But at 3.20, ship's time, all our fears and hopes were abruptly ended. The drum flew round rapidly, the tail of the rope flourished in the air as it flew in-board, and with a light splash the other end dived into the Atlantic. One of the iron swivels had yielded to the strain. The rope used was divided into lengths of 100 fathoms, each haying a shackle at the end with a heavy iron swivel. The head of the bolt of one of these had been drawn right through the iron collar as 900 fathoms had been secured. Not a moment was lost in deciding what measures to pursue. It was rather encouraging than the reverse to have made the trial so abruptly concluded; for it was demonstrated that the grapnel could pick up the cable in more than 2000 fathoms, and the only question now was whether the wire rope, or the cable itself, would bear the purchase and weight of hauling up from such vest depths. There was wire rope enough left to make another attempt to save the cable, It was resolved that the beat course to pursue would betosteamtoapoint two miles eastward of theextreme endof the cable, so as to have only a mile or so of cable to lift up in the bight when the ship drifted over it, as the broken part would, it was hoped, in coming u on the grapnel twist round the other portion of the cable. Captain Anderson prepared to run fourteen or fifteen miles back, and drift down as nearly as Possible across the line of the cable. A fog came on that afternoon and the Great Eastern lay for the night in a smooth sea. lest day sie drifted thirty-four miles, which, with twelve miles steamed, made forty-six miles from the position where the cable parted. It was resolved to make a raft on which to place a buoy to sup over with 2 miles of the cable itself attached to a mush. room anchor, as soon as we had, reached the spot where they had grappled the cable the day before. When the Great Eastern arrived at the place estimated she dropped the buoy, which has a red fla

 above a black ball fastened to the staff and anchors, and. steamed J

again. The fo continued all next day and the day after, so that nothing could. be done; the ship still drifted about. On Monday, the M11 betbetween eleven and twelve O'clock, the weather havineared, the grapnel, with 2500 fathoms' of cable, was hove over, We again quote the journal :-" o much was

the machinery improved that the grapnel was only half the time in reaching the bottom, and very soon the diminution of the strain on the dynamometer showed that it was resting on the ooze. The day turned out most favourable, a steady breeze from the north drifting the ship towards the cable at the rate of a mile an hour, broadsiden. At noon excellent observations were taken, which put our position at lat. 51.27, long. $8.42. For several hours the gm nel dragged the bottom without obstruhtlon, the dynamometer indicated a varying resistance to its progress. At 6.15 the strain increased from 45 cwt. to 48 cwt., and soon began to rise steadily towards 55 cwt., and thence to 60 cwt, Presently the anxious eyes which were fixed on the compass and on the head of the Great Eastern observed a very slight tendency in her head. to come round to the wind. It was slow-very slow indeed. The ship seemed loth to notice the influence to which she was becoming plainly subjected, disdaining the feeble clue which solicited her attention to the labyrinth of cable beneath; but in anhour and ahaif she came round froin E.byS. S. to B. 7. The strain was greater every moment. There could be no longer any doubt. The cable was caught again. Here was a triumph of seamanship and perseverance. The ship's head was brought round to the wind by the screw, and the capstan engine was set to work to aid the new machinery of the picking-up gear to haul up the cable. The attain ran up to 66 cwt., said, at eight p.m. the illfated machinery broke down at the bow, and a slight delay occurred, but the main part of the waste being transferred to the capstain, the rope was steadily hauled in at the rate of 150 fathoms per hour." At half .past eleven 300 fathoms were hauled in. AU seemed going on hope. fully till next morning. Between five and six a.m. the dynamometer rose from 82 cwt. to 85 cwt., and thence to 87 cwt., and it was calculated that the grapnel with the cable was then rising from the bottom. The rope had come on steadily at an average of 150 fathoms an hour during the sight:-" At 7.30 am, there was a strong expression of confidence in our success, and great gladness on board. The one mile mark was hauled in, and we had demonstrated the fact that a ship could pick up a cable in 2500 fathoms of water and pull it one mile from the bottom. The cable was now suspended 1500 fathoms, or one mile and a hail below us in ocean. We had signalled the good news to the Terrible. In an instant more, whilst our flags were still flying, all was over. One of the shackles and swivels which join each length of wire rope to the other had come over the bow, had passed over the drum, and was in the third round of rope taken in by the capstan, when the head of the swivel-pin gave way, and quick as lightning, the end flourishing the iron shackle like a mailed fist in the air right and left, as if menacing with death the hardy enemy who dared stand in its desperate way, glanced aloft and, leapt exultingly into the sea., to join the cable and the 1600 fathoms of wire rope which still hung

 from .the. grapnel . Now all these shackles and swivels had been examined minutely before they were put over, and every care taken to prevent the recurrence of accident which had already frustrated our exertions. The work was of Brown, Lenno; and Co.-no better names; the strain was not near that put down as the breaking point, and yet there was the painful result. The news was signalled to the Terrible, and her answer had not long been flown when her boat put off with Lieutenant Prowse to learn what course we were about to pursue. At 9.50 a second buoy, secured on a raft and casks, was lowered with 2500 fathoms of telegraph cable moored to a broken spar wheel. It carries a black ball at the end of a staff, and below the ball floats a flag, red, white, and red, in three horizontal bars. The buoy floats low, and has been let go as close as possible to the aot where the grapnel rope sank. If these buoys do' not break adrift they will be of great service when a renewed attempt is made to lift the cable."

These two buoys, shown

on page 22 are about ten miles apart. The one (that most deeply sunk in the water) is moored with nearly two miles and one third of the electric telegraph cable attached to the "mushroom anchor, and marks, as nearly as could be calculated, the spot where the Atlantic cable broke said sank on the 2nd of August. This buoy was lowered in lat. 51 deg. 28 mm., long. 88 deg. 42 miu. (as imiigated am lowered sh on the 4th of August- and it bears at the top, in wiite letters, the word "TxLxGnm. *o. 5." The other buoyp'"" t-g' ke ia pae 11 was moored on the 8th of August, and marks the spot where the wire hawser used for the grapnel broke on the second occasion of the attempt at grappling the cable. As the buoy first put down had been found to sink low in the water, though based upon three tiers of timber logs, on the occasion of launching the second buoy, the raft was made larger; and four barrels, securely bunged, were lashed to the angles of the raft, giving thereby greatly-increased buoyancy and height out of the water. The flag of the first buoy is scarlet and the bail is under the flag. The flag of the second buoy has three barescarlet, white, and scarletand the ball is over the flag.

The next day was employed in readjusting and fortifying

the picking-up machinery and, the grapnel tackle. The anchor cap

stan was enlarged and strengthened also, with huge beams of oak and

an iron casing all around it, forming a huge drum of twice the dia

meter of the ordinary capstan, for winding in the wire rope and great hawsers more rapidly than they could have been wand on a less diameter; while the "slack" was to be taken from this drum as fast as it accumulated, and passed along a line of men to the place where

it was to be coiled on deck, Gm Blustratica c 22 ahewa
parf the men on deck, near the bow end of the ship, arrang

th0111 oOf rope previous to lowering the grapnel for the last time, on the 11th of August. It had been lowered the day before, but had failed to catch the cable, The rope and grapnel having been hauled back next morning, preparations were made for. the next and final attempt.

"All the damaged rope was rejected and repaired as. fax as the

means at the disposal of Mr. Canning permitted. A iine,' consisting of 1600 fathoms of wire rope, 220 fathoms of hemp rope, and 510 fathoms of Manila, was prepared and carefully examined, of which 1760 fathoms was pronounced good, the rest being rather suspicious. At 7.25 a.m. the Great Eastern was alongside No. 2 buoy, the Terrible in company. At 11.80 the Great Eastern signalled the Terrible, 'We are going to make a final effort,' and then, 'We are sorry you have had such uncomfortable waiting.' The ship's head being W. by S., and the buoy No. 2 bearing B. by N; about two miles, the grapnel was let go at 1.56 p.m., Greenwich time. The wind would drift the Great Eastern to £4[.E., right across the cable, and fore and, aft can-vas was set to overcome the current. The grapnel soon touched the bottom, as the new-machinery enabled the men to pay out the rope at the rate of fifty fathoms a minute. For some time the ship drifted onwards, but at 8.50 p.m., ship's time, the strain on the rope rose to 60 cwt. as it came in over the bows, though it was taken easily by the new capstan improvements effected by Mi, Clifford. The ship's head varied from W.N.W. to W. by S., and as the rope came in the screw was set quietly to work at times to keep it to the wind, which, had increased somewhat, accompanied by showers' of rain. The dynamometer index rose higher and higher, till it reached 80 cwt, and once, as a shackle came through, the machinery flew up to 105 cwt. It was a certainty that the Atlantic cable had been caught for the third time, and was fast held in the grapnel coming up from its oozy bed. Is there need to say that the alternations of hope and fear which agitated all on board reached their climax? There was an intensity of quiet excitement among us, such as men feel when they await some supreme decree. Some remained below; others refused to go forward, where the least jar of the machinery put their hearts in. their months; Others walked in the saloon or upon the after-deck abstractedly. Is the bows, Captain Anderson, Mr. Canning, Mr. Clifford, and their men toiled on; and thence came constant signals, through an acoustic tube and whistle, to the bridge to go ahead, with the acrew, or to stop, as the strain on the dynamometer indicated. Suddenly we heard the whistle and a cry of 'Stop it!' from the bow; and en

amations of grief and regret told us our last bolt had been sped.

At 9.40 p.m., Greenwich time, as 765 fathoms had been got in, a shackle on the hemp hawser passed through the machinery,, and m a moment afterwards the rope parted near the capstan and flew over the bow with a Whistling rush which carried death with it like the march of a round shot. In all the crowd of labourers not one was touched, because the men held onto their stoppers and kept the end straight; but the danger appeared so great that with the shout 'It is gone I' mingled the eager demand from l1r. Canning and others who rushed to the bow, 'Is anyone hurt?' 'None.' But there lay the cable beneath us once more, burned under coils of rope and wire, to which, in an instant, had just been added 1750' fathoms more. Signal was at once made to the Terrible. Orders were given to get up steam in all haste to leave the disastrous spot."

The return voyage of the Great Eastern has been described. She

was l7ing off Brighton on Saturday wee-29y in thu 'o"g when

-- ___ jUJ ULLI. UiUWi1,),'WM1L

was desbed oma time ago ga'sot aez the s the veel We

earnestly hope that next year, when this machinery will again be put in use, the laying of the Atlantic telegraph will be accomplished with the utmost facility and safety.
By reports from the American Consuls at Bremen and

IRE burg it appears that during the first six months of 1868 about 24,600

emigrants left those ports for the United States. This is a large increase over last year's reports.  -

SuBtARhIu CABLES.-In Europe, Asia, Africa, and Australia

there are fifty-two submarine cables, which are of the aggregate length of

test miles, and the insulated wires of which measure 9783 miles. The longest of these is 1850 fathoms, and the shortest 1 fathom. There are ninety-five submarine cables in the United States and British North America, which measure sixty-eight miles, and their insulated wires 138 miles. The overland telegraph line between New 'York and the west coast of Ireland, through British Columbia, Northern Asia, and Russia will be 20,479 miles long, 12,740 miles of which are completed. It has at length been resolved that this line shall cross from America to Asia at the southern point of Norton Sound, on the American aide to St. Lawrence Island, and thence to Cape Thadeu on the Asiatic continent. Two submarine cables will be required for thisone 133 miles long and the other 250 miles long. Cape Thedeus is 1700 miles from the mouth of the .Ainoor River. The following are some of the submarine cables In operation, with their length in statute miles, viz.:-Dover said Calais, 27 miles; Denmark, across the Belt, 18 miles; Dover and Ostend, 80miles; Firth of Forth, miles; Portpatrlok and Donsghadee, 25 miles; across River Tay, 2 miles; Portpatrick and SThitehead, 27 miles

Sweden and Denmark, 12 miles; Italy and Corsica, 110 miles; Corsica and. Sardinia, 10 miles; Egypt, 10milee Italy and Sicily-, Smiles; Newfoundland and Cape Breton, 85 miles; Prince Edward Island and New Brunswick, 12 miles; Strait of Cause and Cape Breton, N.S., l mile; Norway, across fords, 49 miles; across months of Danube, 8 miles; Ceylon and mainland of India, 30 miles; England and Holland, 140 miles; England end Hano7er, 280 miles; Norway, across fords, 16 miles; South Australia and King's Island, 140 miles; Alexandria, 2 miles; England and Denmark, 368 miles; Sweden and (Pothland, 64 miles; Folkestone and Soulogne, 24 miles; across rivers inIndia, 10 miles; Malta and Sicily, 60 miles; England and the Isle of Man, 31 milesSuez and Jubal Island, 220 miles; Jersey and Piren, in France, 21 miles Tasmania and Bass Strait, 240 miles; Denmark and Great Belt, 28 miles Dacca and Pegu, 116 miles; Barcelona and Mahon, 180 miles; Minorca and Majorca, 05 miles; I'eI.za and Majorca, 74 miles; St. Antonio and Iviza, 76 miles; Norway, across fords, 16 miles; Toulon and Corsica, 105 miles; Holyhead and Bowth, 64 miles; Malta and Alexandria, 1535 miles; l7ewhaven and Dieppe, 80 miles; Pembroke, Wales, and Wexford, 63 miles; Sardinia and Sicily, 243 miles; Otranto and Avalona, 62 miles; Faho and Kurrschee, 1450 miles; Sweden and Prussia, 65 miles; and Algiers and Sicily, 259 miles, The oldest submarine cable has been -working fourteen years and the youngest about six months. The largest number of conductors is nine and the smallest one. The lowest depth of water i in the case of the Toulca and Corsica, which is 1660 fathoms; and the next the Barcelona and Mabon, 2400 fathoms, until they reach about fourteen fathoms of water.
Since 187 above 3,000,000 iimnigiauts have lauded at New

'ark From Jan. 1 to Aug. 1, this year, 110 steamers and-116 sailing ships t5*y¿ye. thither 96,425 persons. As a general rule, Says a New York paper, Uftmin emigrants bring most baggage and Irish emigrants least.
UNITED STATES

We have news from New York to the 26th ult.

The commission for trying Captain Wirtz on charges of conspiring, with other Southern leaders, to murder Federal prisoners, and with having actually murdered several, was set aside dcring the trial, and a new commission substituted, omitting the names of Generals Lee, Seddon, and Northrop. Wirtz's counsel objected to fresh proceedings, and asked for time to prepare the defence. Eventually, however, ha abandoned the care. The President of the Court then appointed the Judge-Advocate to defend Wirbz. Charges of horrible cruelty are made against him, among others, "that he kept bloodhounds to hunt down prisoners of war escaped from his custody, and that he caused several of the prisoners to be inoculated with poisonous matter."

The Mississippi Convention has repealed the Secession ordinance, and all others, except the revenue one, passed during the war. It has passed the State constitutional amendment for the abolition of slavery, and has memorialised President Johnson to pardon Mr. Davis. Presi

dent Johnson telegraphed to the Governor of Mississippi, congratu-lating him on the progress made by that State towards readmission to

the Union. He also said that the Habeas Corpus Act would be restored and the troops withdrawn as soon as the State had progressed sufficiently to have returned to her allegiance.

The Pennsylvania Democratic Convention has given Mr. Johnson its

qualified support. It demands that measures shall be passed to give the South immediate congressional representation and to save them from negro suffrage.

The American ironclad fleet has nearly all been ordered out of commission and is to be laid up at League Island, on the Delaware River, a few miles below Philadelphia.

The steamer Brother Jonathan, from San Francisco for Portland,

was wrecked near Cape Lincoln. She had from 200 to 300 passengers on beard, who were all lost with the exception of fifteen.

Ford's Theatre, at Washington, is being converted into a fire-proof building, in which all the captured archives of the Southern Confederacy will be kept. They will be under the charge of Dr. Francis Lieber, of New York,

Mr. William Cullen Bryant lies purchased the homestead, in his

native town, of Cuniminglon, Hampshire county, Mass., and is refitting it for a summer residence. He has been spending part of the summer there.

A Soldiers' Messenger Corps has been established in New York,

after the example of the London corps of Commissionnaires.

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

Ath-ices from Quebec to Aug. 26 state that in the Canadian House

of Commons, on Mr. Gait moving that the House do go into Committee of Supply, Mr. Holton made an important amendment relative to the enlargement of the St. Lawrence Canals, in connection with the Reciprocity Treaty with the United States. After a long debate, in which the Reciprocity Treaty and the scheme of the Confederacy was fully discussed, the amendment was negatived by a vote of 78 to 20.
