DESTRUCTION OF THE STEAM-PACKET B0A2(OKB. Tixs magistrates in session at the Towuhall of St. George's, Bermuda, on the 10th nit., investigated a singular ohare of pixp.oy against Lieutenant John C. Braane, Acting Master in the Navy of the Confederate States, and a party of men in the same service, who were prosecuted by the AttorneyGeneral of Bermuda for unlawfully seizing and destroying the United States mail-steamer Itoanoke upon the high seas. The charge fell to the ground, of course, on the production of Lieutenant Braine's commission and his letter of instructions from Mr. S. R Mallory, the Secretary of the Navy of the Confederate Governmeat. The prisoners were therefore immediately discharged; but as the capture of this vessel, whether an act of legitimate warfare or not, was effected by most unusual means, it is worthy of a brief narrative and Illustration. It seems that. the Roanoke was accustomed to ply regularly between Cuba and New York; and at four o'clock on the afternoon of Sept. 29 she left the port of Ea. vannah, passing the Moro Castle, at five p.m., with twenty-four cabin passengers and sixteen in the steerage, the officers and crew numbering fifty, making in all ninety persona on board. The steamer, proceeded on her voyage at a speed of twelve knots per hour, running within sight of the coast for two or three hours, the time passing agreeably and without anything unusual having occurred until 9.20 p.m., when about twenty-five miles off the coast of Cuba. The captain and crew were then surprised by a party of ten men among the passengers, under the command of Lieutenant Braise, who went through the ship dressed in a naval uniforan, exclaiming, "In the name of' the Confederate Sjeates of America, I demand the surrender of this vessel as a lawful prize," and calling upon Captain Drew, the commander of the Roanoke, to surrender as a prisoner of war. The announcement was immediately followed by the discharge of several pistols, -with which the attacking party were armed. From that moment the work of capture commenced. Lieutenant Brains, taking the upper deck of the vessel accompanied by his second officer the purser, and a seaman, secnrek the the captain and officers on the deck, placing them in irons, *bile the first officer, first and second engineers, and the seamen pro

ceeded with the capture of the officers and crew on the main deck, until

Lieut. Braise and his second officer, leaving the upper deck in charge of the purser and a seaman, went below to the assistance of the first officer. In the space of fifty-five minutes the capture had been consummated, and the vessel was proceeding on her voyage as the Confederate
States prize steam-ship Boanoke. There was but little violent resistance made except by the carpenter of the vessel, who, after having surrendered, seized an axe and aimed a blow at the head of the first officer' but, the axe falling short of its mark, four balls pierced the body of the man, from the effects of. which he fell and. died in a few minutes. In a short time after the capture Captain Drew was released upon his parole. The crew were kept on duty. as before. Some of the officers f the Boanoke. were put in irons for a low hours dwin the night, but the passengers were treated with the utmost civility and friendship. When the 'vessel arrived. off Bermuda it was Lieutenant Braine's purpose to bring her into the port of St. George's, lay in. a stock of provisions and coals, then parole and hind the passengers, officers, and crew, and take the vessel to Wilmington but, it having been found impossible to take the vessel into the British port, the only thing he could do was to burn, the Boanoke, and, with his officers and, crew, go ashore at St. George's. This he accordingly did (after transferring the passengers, officers, and crew to a brig five miles off the coast) at four o'clock on the morning of Sunday, the 9th of October inst. Our Engraving is made from a sketch taken by one of the passengers, who has sent it to us, with a letter, through lite. (II-. T. Pullani, late engineer of the Alabama. The Roanoke, it seems, was built in New York by the Icew York and 'Virginia Navigation Company, who were her sole ow-ners her dimensions beiugin length 2181t. ; breadth, 32ft.; depth, lOft. Sin.; and measuring 1071 tons.
THE PRESIDENTIAL CONTEST IN AMERICA. (From a Correo'ponfent.)

-  Nnw YORK, Nov. 3.

'ys struggle for the presidency increases in interest as well as in bitterness. The passions of both parties have been excited, and accusations of fraud and falsification r balloting pap,

attempted, and planned, have been thick as Iron sleet of arrowy shower.

On the side of the Republican, c, nothing heard but a daily din of "Treason! treason I" while on that of the Democratic, or M'C1e11a11, party, as vehement a cry is continually raised of "Tyranny I" and "Usurpation!" The partisans of Mr. Lincoln have the advantage of possession, and unwisely threaten to employ the military force at their disposal to keep the peace on the day of election, to préent the reception of illegal and fictitious votes, and to arrest all "traitors" and other "disloyal" or "suspected" persons who shall present themselves at the polls. The opposing party, scandalised at the accusation either of "treason" or "disloyalty" directed against them by a faction that misuses the accident of its being the faction of the "ins " and not of the "outs," declares, in the plainest English, its determination to resist by force of arms any attempt on the part of the Federal Government or its military officials to coerce the people, or interfere with the freest exercise of the constitutional right. They assert that the presence of soldiers at the polls, except as citizens, to cast in their -votes like the rest, is an outrage upon, public liberty which cannot be tolerated, unless the Americans are prepared to accept a military despotism and to allow Mr. Lincoln to perpetuate his power by the bayonet. It must be remembered, however, that the Americans of both parties in the North axe more in the habit of "speaking daggers" at each other than of using them; and that, perhaps, all this loud talking is but the bark of a dog that will not bite-mere "buncombe,' intended for present effect.

 The great bones of contention are-in itie first place, the vote of the

army; in the second, the vote of the Border States held by military occupancy, and in which socalled "disloyal" people, who will not take a teat oaths are to be excluded from the polls. The second difficulty is by far the greater of the two, and threatens, if Mr. Lincoln manage it in the mode proposed by his faithful lieutenant, Mr. Andrew yohnson, in Tennessee, the gravest complications both now and hereafter.

As regards the soldiers, there appears every reason to believe that they are as three to one in favour of Generl Jal'Cle]lan. Although the original army of the Potomac, as it existed under his leadership during the great but indecisive series of battles which ended at Antietain no longer exists; though it has been decimated and re-decimated by fire and sword; though malaria and the camp-fever have stricken down thousands and tens of thousands; though many of the survivors of its earliest combats limp about the streets of Northern cities, the maimed arid mutilated veterans of a war in which they can no longer take a part; and though the tern of service of vast numbers of the men has expired, and scarcely a tenth of M'Olellan's original soldiers remain in the field, yet the whole army retains the traditions of his command, and the great majority, if not tampered with by their officers in favour of Mr. Lincoln, will cast their votes for their former General. The same feeling, as fax as is known, prevails in the other armies of the Republic. The men desire to place a soldier in the presidential chair-more, perhaps, for professional than for political reasons, and possibly because they share with the country at large the impression that Mr. Lincoln has been, is, and must continue to be, a failure, from inherent defect of character arid want of ability, and that any change made must be a change for the better.

 But, as this result is past hoping for, the vote of the soldiers, however it may happen to fall, is not of vital importance to either candidate. The men are not to vote en masse, as soldiers, but separately, as citizens-the vote being counted to the State in which the soldier had his habitation before 'entering the service. The decision of the issue, not falling directly to the people, rests ultimately with the States as represented by the electors chosen on the 8th inst. Hence it is that so much importance attaches, to the action of the Government in Louisiana, where the Federal authority extends no further than the range of its guns; and in Maryland, Kentucky, Arkansas, arid Tennessee, where the population is divided in allegiance between the South and the North, and where, if the Federal armies were withdrawn, the Northern party would subside into very small dimensions or wholly disappear. As in these States no one will be allowed to vote who will not take an oath of "loyalty" and approval of the acts of Mr. Lincoln's' Government, it follows that the Democratic party and

overnors in Vermont and Maine, who alone are charge with the duty of maintaining order and tranquillity i he States under their jurisdiction, and have militiame

t their command more than sufficient to inset any suc

L anger as General Dix anticipates, even if it were as real as it Imaginary. The proclamation is one of many that has caused ill feeling, and done far more to diminish the chances of Mr. Lineal

ban any act, of Mr. Lincoln's opponents. In fact, Mr. Lincoln suffet ax more from his friends than from his foes, and has not ill

courage-perhaps not the wish-to extricate himself from the net o

.judicious counsel which they have woven and coiled around him.

Whatever may be the aggregate result of the vote in the Elector

Colleges--and it seems all but certain that Mr. Lincoln will be electe by a large majority- it is as clear as a mathematical calculation tir the great State of New York will elect a college in favour of M'Clella and most probable that all the most wealthy and populous States of th Union, except the New England States, will do likewise. lit Lincoln's strength lies in New England (except in Connecticut), i the Western, North-Western, and Pacific States; in the new State

Nevada, admitted into the Union on the 1st instant; and i

the Southern and Border States of which, or of a portion of whic]

the Federal troops hold temporary possession.

P.S. General Din's proclamation was doing so much harm to lii Lincoln that it has been withdrawn; it is asserted by express order from Washington.
of Mr. Lincoln's Government, it follows that the Democratic party and the friends and supporters of General M'Clellan will be disfranchised by military pressure, and that in the electoral college these States will be counted for Mr. Lincoln. This is the great and paramount peril before the country. It would be much better and safer if Mr. Lincoln's advisers would, for the purposes of the election, consider Louisiana as much excluded from the electoral contest as Georgia or the Carolinas, and meddle no further with the polls in the Border States than to preserve the peace between hostile factions. In this case Mr. Lincoln might be defeated, but he would retire from the presidency with honour, and render it impossible for the future historian to say of him, that he preferred the risk of new and endless civil commotions to the peaceful relinquishment of a power which he was incompetent to wield end which the people had made up their minds to confer upon another.

Atameeting, held on Tuesday night last, of aseotionof the Democratic

party-which has broken loose from its old associates and connections

and determines to support the 'vigorous prosecution of the war, and, con

sequently, Mr. Lincoln as more likely than General M'Clellan to carry

out the views of its members-it was proposed, as a future solution of a difficulty which threatens to be tonic, that a convention of the whole people of the States should be called for the amendment of the Constitution. The first amendment proposes the abolition of the Electoral Colleges, with the intention of delegating directly to the people the election of the President and Vice-President; and the second prohibits the re-election of a President or Vice-President for a second term. Were this the law and the Constitution at the present moment, there can be no doubt that a very imminent danger would be averted. But, however admirably the plan might work in the future, it is totally inapplicable in the present. Even General Dix its proposer, will not Cariy out his own principle to the extent of voting against Mr. Lincoln, On the contrary, he will not only support him, but will go, end has gone, out of his way, as Military Commander in the district of New York, to support him by extraneous and unconstitutional means. On the pretext that Southern refugees from Canada will cross over into the United States on Tuesday next to offer their votes at the polls, he has declared by military proclamation that he will take possession of all the polling-places on the Canadian frontier in order to preserve the peace. Such an interference Is this is wholly gratuitous, and is a gross invasion of the rights and prerogative of Governor Seymour in New York and of the other local
uav LLucJ -  -.

But are we .Anglo-Saxons, a boastful said a forward race, any

better? Across the wide Atlantic "Uncle Abe," or "Father Abraham!'-for the President stands in a double relationship to his obedient sons-has been again elected as absolute monarch for a term of four years; and it must be confessed that, so fax as we know, the election has been well and quietly conducted, and went off without noise, tumult, or bloodshed. But then, so did our 10th of April, 1848, and possibly for the same reason. Mr. Lincoln and the English Ministry were fully prepared.

England does not know exactly whether to congratulate herself or not on the result of the American election. So thoroughly had people made up their mind that he would be re-elected that even the "sperrits" at a séance of a vulgar Medium foretold it, in conjunction, also, with the due execution of MUller; so that the ghosts were right on the double event. As the Times puts it, perhaps we are better oil than with General M'Clellan, because Lincoln has passed through the rabies against England which is always demanded of a fresh President. What we hope for now is that the matured counsels of President Lincoln said his advisers may turn towards peace. Unfortunately, Mr; Seward, who is one of the wire-puflers of the great Lincoln, does not care to look at matters in this light. He has told his admirers that in the game they are playing "three out of five throws go for the winner," and therefore, presuming, we suppose, that the throws in the game have been as yet equal, the North will prepare immediately on the re-election of the President to enter the lists, like the Duke's "bony 'priser" and young Orlando in "As You Like It," and have another tussle. We all remember that, in that beautiful pastoral comedy, the biggest man did. not get the better, and that the rise 1) was carried away, spoilt for life and good for nothing. Mr. Seward kindly suggests, however, that this fate is reserved for the South, and, parodying a well-known passage of Scripture, represents the Southerners as prodigals, crying out on their knees, "Father Abraham we have sinned before God and against our brethren, and"W'e will not continue the quotation. The parallel is, to say the very least of it, in offensively bad taste.

 Let us add that, even in the midst of massacres and sickening slaughter, there are one or two cheerful signs, which peep up like winter violets from the dead leaves. A very observant but, alas! a casual correspondent writes that he can see the civilising effects of war in the bearing of the men, that America is beginning to lose that careless, ruffling brosquerie which dhtinguishedlier, and that there is altogether more order, earnestness, and gentle bearing than were to be met witja before_the war.

igeswr UL .

A biography of the Brothers Davenport is to be ublishid 1jDr.

Nicholls, whose last volumes on America were certainly some of the very best we have aver had. Let us hope he will take a philosophic view of the curious state of the human mind which permits such evident chicanery as is generally indulged in by mediums to pass off as the actual work of spirits-i.e., preternatural or miraculous. An intelligent writer, Mr. Barkas, of Newcastle, who has had twelve years' experience of spiritualism, has published two discourses on the matter, in the last of which he sums up his creed in twenty-four articles, so that intelligent spiritualism requires fifteen less than the Anglican Church. Some of these articles are well worth weighing. Mr. Barkas believes, and we cordially agree with him, "that the cOmmon practise of spiritualism is injurious to mind and body, and entirely unnecessary to Christian men and women who possess a reasonable faith; that those who practise it render themselves liable to

d tween

,~us obsession; that there is a considerable analogy between

T .

so e a of modern spiritualism and ancient witchcraft, sorcery, and necromancy; and that the less we become devotees of modern spixitbalism the better we shall succeed in the Divine life" All this is very sound and good. If spiritualism be not witchcraft, it has the same effect, and they who practise it become confused and silly. Our author cites Timothy- iv, 1-" In the latter times some shall depart from the faith. giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of

devils," an a text expressly ref to this curious illusion
One pleasing and hopeful feature in our Canadian colony ia

the"IM and steady Ptridos with which education is advancing therein. oft 1 period of eleven years-from 1850 to 1861, for example-this duca

l sug appears remarkable, if not unparalleled. Within this cool-brief time the grammar schools have increased by thirty-We and b isOO, while the common schools exhibit en increase of 911)

sesi 163,921 pupils. In 1850 the number of free schools was but

2"; in neo they numbered 2350. The augmentation of attendance at schools

Tery oseble, and favourably compares with some of the most flourishing

During the eleven years specified that Increase Is in the . .-Pennsylvania, 58 per cent; State of New York, 9 per Us.etts V per cent; and Tpper Canada, 108 per cent. Even In

*t* of school 'moneys Canada takes precedence of those Statee-the

f ten years beingin Pennsylvania, 175 per cent; State f New

144 per cent; Massachusetts , 68 per cent; and Canada West, 222 per

ZRIUIA America, by P. Day.
aJti.  AMERICA.

have news from New York to the evening of the 19th ult.

1U, , still no certain intelligence respecting General Sherman's

but it was positively affirmed that the Federals had

Atlanta, after destroying all the fortifications, public

i railways; and the Richmond journals said that the

yn took place on' the 12th jilt. It was reported in the North

tW General licranan, with 50,000 men, was moving towards Macon

4 Augusta; but, according to the Richmond newspapers, one

j his army was marching on Selma, in Alabama. It was

that the Confederate General Hood had concentrated his forces

yjce, in Alabama, but the rumour was as uncertain as the

Mcrais of General Sherman's movements and it was also asserted

a large body of Confederates, under eneral Beauregard, was iog frcrxi corinth towards Memphis.

The Cr.nfcderate General Breckenridge had defeated the Federal

Geural GI]iem at Bull's Gap, in East Tennessee, and had taken six gaas ajid 400 prisoners.

A ramoor that the Confederates had captured Morgansia, in

with 1900 prisoners, had been transmitted from Mobile to

was asserted that General Early was retiring up the Shenandoah Tae', and that the Federals, under General Sheridan, were following bWL The Confederates made a dash at Grant's left, but were

not been any fresh fighting in the neighbourhood of

Biehasmd or Petersburg. General Butler had resumed the command

a the Federal troops on the north bank of the James River.

On the anestion of the arming of the slaves being discussed in the (sdederae Congress, the plan was opposed by a large number of xmbem

was rumoured that President Lincoln was about to send Coin. iioaas to RIchmond, for the purpose of proffering to, the South

cerpm was supposed, the conditions that a general amnesty

and that the Southern States return to the Union with all eges, and that slavery be abolished.

ch3luister and Mr. Seward have had interviews on the

"mum of peace. The former expressed the strong wish of the

spesar for peace.

Ijie New York papers state that President Lincoln wishes that those desirous to call upon him personally will postpone their visits for a time, as he is engaged in preparing his annual Message to Congress.

A grand reception was given to General Butler at the Fifth Avenue He* New York, on the 14th nit. General Butler suggested that an asesosty should now be offered to the Confederates, and that if they rid am accept it there should be a short, sharp, and decisive war, to be followed by a partition of Southern lands among the soldiers. On the fowia day General Butler quitted New Yorkto rejoin the army Were Bsehmond, issuing, before doing so, a general order congratuheing an concerned upon the peaceful termination of his mission.

General Sheridan had been nominated as senior Major-General in

the United States army, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation i General M'CIellan.

lieutenant-Governor Jacobs, of Kentucky, has been arrested and

tahes to Washington as a state prisoner, The charge against him

has not transpired.

There bad been violent fluctuations in the price of gold at New

York1 in consequence of the Treasury payment of 9,000,000 dols. in

geld to advance of the interest on the gold-bearing debt, and also of -am that General Sherman had obtained considerable successes; bet the latest quotation on the 19th nit, was 121 per cent premium.

Laid Lyons is about to return from Washington on six months' loawe, necessitated by ill-health. The statement that his Lordship ba resigned his post is, however, erroneous. Mr. J. Hume Burnley, &cvetasy of Legation, has been appointed Chargé d'Affaires, in the

inal course, during Lord Lyons's absence.
ELECTION DAY IN NEW YORK.

Orn New York Correspondent has supplied a pair of Sketches,

representing the crowds outside two of the polU -places in that city, on Tuesday, the 8th of November, wblh was the day of the ?rssh1e1t election, as well as of the State elections. One of them is situated in the upper pert of the city, near the fashionable avenues which run out northward, through the aristocratic quarter. "Here the poll is taken," says our correspondent, 'in the office of a veterinary surgeon, attached to a livery stable. A any time from sanri*e to sunset which is the time allowed for depositing votes) knots of the richer class of New York citizens-the Upper Ten Thousand, as they

are called, are to be seen congregated at this point, anxiously discussing the chances of the rival candidates. Mixed with these, however, a sprinkling of the rougher element is here and there conspicuous. There are, indeed, two or three young men in the crowd who might, on any other day, be seen parading Broadway in rather swell costume, but who have, on this occasion, conic out as 'tholder-hitters,' or pugilistic partisan bullies, attired after the fashion usually acted by those members of the 'Ijwer Twenty' who 'travel on their imrscl& They have shirts on, without any

collar or cravat; pilot coats, and heavy cowakin boots iuUed over their

trousers-a style of costume which shows them to be members of some

Fire Company. By way of contrast, the subject of our second Illus

tration is found In the dirty and unwholesome districts of the city, where the hard-fisted classes chiefly make their abode. In this quarter, on the polling-day, the police were in strong force, arid the liquor-shape were all closed-that is, the shutters of those dens of iniquity were rip; but as the doors were open there was no difficulty in obtahong strong drink. All c amatances considered, however, there

 were wonderfully few drunken men to be seen, and such fighting as

did take place was of a desultory and insignificant kind. The locality

of the polling-place is one of the vet worst in New York being in the

heart of the quarter known as the rive Points-the head-quarters of the thieves, bullies, organgrinders, and all other such types of rufliartisni as go to the making up of the dangerous classes."

LAGER BEER IN NEW YORK.

appreciate the great German element in the social ma plitil

life of America requires," says our New York oorrepondent, 11 a

trtise on lager beer. The Teutonic population of New York, including the neigbbourlng Brooklyn, Hoboken, and Jersey City, amounts to ahent Y600 every one of whom, from the grizsled patriarch and old woman to the babe of tender years, may safely be count'd upon as one of the conenmezu of their national beverage. Nor is the ksasion for lager beer confined to these, it has become an 'Institution • of the land, arid, during the summer mouths at least, its conauuiptioa by the other citizens of New York would alone keep a respectable number of brewexieeia full operation.

' Lager beer proper Is ccimpoaed of malt, hope, a water, and its

excellence is said to depend much Chi the qnsutyof the spring train

which the water is obtained. It Is' er than the beer of England,

arid has a latter'arosoatlc flaroor, very grateful to the palate. During

the hot season, however, it is apt to ka're a taste of resin, a slight

infusion of which is considered necessary to keep it sound. Astrongr

kind of this beverage. called book beer, is much indulged in by s jina

of the steady old topers who frequent the beer gardens and saloons. This Is of a more fx*ent teewage than the ordinary sort, and its specific gravity is one third greater, as it has so much more of the malt Ingredient in its composition. Book beer is of a darker colour than the common lager, and poaseasea a certain ineclous flavour, being spiced with an Infusion of coriander or some such aromatic seed. 1; takes its name trout the froZiesome 51*1 t supposed to be imparted by It to its imbiber's, whose gambols remind the observant Teuton of those of the bock, or goat, a figure of which arlmal engaged in F d%Lq . ance via, IL beer awk, in assally to be ~ ~, *4 a sign in

where this bmx~ a m UP, Lager bear is invmiAbly

2k, clout of Oman glass mugs, in shape somewhat resembling the pewter tankard *1 the English aleheuse. The New York price for a mug of it used to be four cents; but the war prices extend to every article now, and the rates at which it Is sold in the cty ani sutnirha vary from six vents to ten. One of the meanIn of the German word 'lager' is a storehouse. Ream this kia'I of malt bevernee derives Its name, the variety of It brewed for ummerlrikuie, especWly, being stored away fer some mouths before it is ou-iP'rL,fl fit for use. Another kind, much urn! In summer by the G--m I',' in America, and more particularly by the Prussians, u that kri wn. as 'weiss bier,' orwhlte beer. This is a light. frotx, hetra', hr 'wad from cue pert of barley mush and five par.s f ii has, l.'u,i ust beers, It speedily turns seer, on which acenuat it mul.

while itisyat fresh and new. It has a sickly, 'wi1'v ulivur, and, because of the Immense head of froth it carria. , tlr.n,k of tail

glw'ses resembling lump chimneys. I. j -r ' a in as

that of the common lager beer.  -

"There is hardly a street, Inure, or 'Iay in c'.y of Ne'v 'k in

which the loge- let 'slc'c'n, in snne of i's var' forms, is ant lobs
fount The Garten Wirthscha!t, a tavern with a small pretence of rend verdure attached to its premises, is most endeared to the conteniplative Teuton, who loves to take his leisure under the greenwood tree. Some of these bear gardens, especially in the eastern part of the clLy, arson an immense scale. There are two or three in the Bowery that can each accommodate at least a thousand sitters. A portion of these buildings opens to a small plot of ground, roofed over with glass or canvas, and sparsely studded with sickly shrubs. Generally, there

is a little fountain in full play, with goldfish and small turtles swim-ming about in its basin. Music is always a leading attraction here. From the afternoon until a late hour of night the band performs indnstrioualyin a gallery high overhead; and each musician removes the ophicleide or flute from his lips only to refresh them with a mu of lager beer. In the intervals of the music the players light tieir Pipes or cigars, and sit gravely studying the scores before them. In

some of these places there Is a small stage at one end, with a and a stout woman in fancy costume who sings guttum1 to the twanging of a monstrous gaiter. The companyd are chiefly well-to-do mechanics and tradespeople, who bzlng eir wives, and children with them, and even the baby is sure to be treated with a modicum of the ruddy malt. The waiters deftly with inandoutthrniighthecrowd, with three or tour mugs in each band and a couple of glasses on the top. Small girls parade up and, down with little trays of sweetmeat for sale. Games of various kinds are carried on in the side alleys. There is Invariably a shooting-gallery, where, at a distance of some twelve paces, the bold marksman from the Black Forest pops little shuttlecock bolts from a spring gun at a grotesque figure made of painted wood, which on being wounded in the 'bull's-eye,' whisks round on a pivot an jerks into its place a lovely woman, also of painted wood. The walls in some of these

places are adorned with cartoons of wondrous device. Sigel, the chosen war-chief of the American Germans, figures often In a terrible battle-piece, rushing, on his fiery steed, over a. field thickly sown with the bodies of dying and dead Confederates.

'Aa in Bavaria, so in New York, most of the great breweries have

bier garføis or saloons annexed to them in which the refreshing biverage is dispensed cool and freak from die venite. (oospeuoa. i the right bank of the fludson River, about live miles shove New Yo* stands a tall, white, tower-like structure, with a red roof. lbla is the' great Gnttoribcrg Imtewery, built against those grand rocks called the rpaliBades in xz1ch its IY'-e CORM and sterehoesea are vated. In the top story of this building, which is flush with the upper road and reached by Jacob's ladder' of steep steps from the lower, there is a. spacious hail containing b&Ij tables, $ lano, and a bar for the lager beer and the pleasant vintages of the Bhzne."
THE PRESIDENTIAL CONTEST IN AMERICA. (From a Correspondent.)

lTw YORK, Nov. 10.

THE presidential election-notwithstanding all the efforts made by

Mr. Seward and others to frighten the people about attempted raids from Canada, and silly, plots to burn down New York and other cities-has passed over with the utmost quiet and decorum. The weather on Tuesday was anything but pleasant: but the people were in the best of tempers, and were not even provoked into impatience by the presence of General Butler and a large military force, but went to the 'work of -voting as peaceably as though it were a common election for a parochial or a municipal office. The result in New York was largely in favour of General M'Clellan, as most people anticipated; but everywhere else-from Maine to Maryland, and from New Jersey to Minnesota-the contest was exceedingly close, and the votes polled much larger than usual. The returns for the more distant States have not yet been received, nor have the estimates been accurately made even in this city; but enough is known of. the aggregate results to prove that Mr. Lincoln has been elected by a considerable majority of the people-some say 200,000 and others 400,000-and by an electoral vote in the colleges of more than two to one. It is impossible for any

 • critic or observer, native or foreign, who considers how violently the

passions of the people have been inflamed; what antagonisms

of pinciple,, as well as conflicts of material interest, have been excited by the war; and what tremendous issues were involved in the result of the election, to avoid the expression of cordial admiration for the manly self-control which the people exhibited on this memorable occasion. The spectacle is declared by the Americans themselves to have been one of the highest moral grandeur, if not of sublimity; and, though our cousins on this side of the water are somewhat too much in the habit of using fine words and indulging in hyperbole, no one who witnessed the long lines of busy men, neglecting their business for awhile to attend to the more important business of the State, and waiting patiently in the street amid the fog and rain until it came to their turn to deposit their balloting-paper in the appointed box-using no jostling in pressing, indulging in no altercation with each other on the exciting subject which drew them together, and in every way behaving with as much subdued dignity as if they were attending a place of worshipcan deny that the encomium is abundantly merited. Rich and poorthe millionaire and the Irish coachman who drove him to the pollthe owner of ships, and railway shares, and lands, and houses, and the keeper of the chandler's shop or corner grocery-the employer of labour and the labourer himself-all stood quietly together, the great sian neither attempting to persuade nor to coerce the little one, but each leaving the other to his own right of private judgment and the duty of acting as he thought best for the interests of the country. No breach of the peace occurred during the day, either in New York or any other part of the country; and nothing like popular excitement of any kind occurred until the close of the polls, at sunset. Shortly after that time, the anxiety to learn the result drew the people out in great numbers to the newspaper and telegraphic offices, the great hotels, and other places of public resort, where vast crowds remained until two or three o'clock in the morning, greeting each announcement of a victory for their favourite candidate in the city wards or. in remoter towns with vociferous cheers; and of a victory for their opponents with hisses and groans. But even here the utmost good humour prevailed. By order of the police authorities, all the "grogshops," "rum-holes," taverns, and groceries where liquor is sold had been closed during the day. This order is always promulgated on the day of a :presideutiul election, but is never very generally obeyed. On Tuesday, however, it was rigidly enforced, and the spirit-dealersperhaps with a wholesome terror of the redoubtable General Butler before their eyes, lent themselves to the arrangement with unwonted alacrity, and closed even the back doors, by which their favourite customers and friends might have been furtively admitted. On the morrow the city resumed its usual appearance. The full tide of life and business flowed as freely and rapidly as before. The result of the voting, however, did not appear to be favourably received in Wail-street; for the premium on gold advanced from ten to twelve percent as soon as it became authoritatively known that Mr. Lincoln's re-election was beyond a doubt. The Democratic party as yet has borne its defeat with exemplary equanimity; and the abuse of Mr. Lincoln, and the hard words and unsavoury epithets in which his opponents were wont to indulge towards him while he stood in the position of a candidate ceased, as if by common consent, as soon as his election became an admitted fact. It would almost appear as if the party were demoralised by their defeat. Up to the last moment, and
party were demoralised by their defeat. Up to the last moment, and

perhaps led away by the enthusiasm which existed for General McClellan in the city of New York, they did not think it possible that their candidate could be defeated; and hence did not duly reflect upon their proper line of policy, if that event should occur. It will take time to recover from the rout. Federal victories in the field, should these occur, will keep them for a while in the background; but at the first serious reverse to Northern arms and the first real pressure of the inevitable conscription, accompanied, as these would assuredly be, by perturbations in the sensitive money market, they will takeheart of grace, rally their broken and scattered legions, and come before the public with something like a principle on which to stand. Mr. Lincoln, on his part, bears his new honours meekly as well as gracefully, and in a speech just delivered at the White House to a large crowd who came with music and banners to congratulate him on his re-election, spoke with the greatest good feeling and good taste of the necessity of oblivion for all the animosities engendered by the strife, and of his earnest desire to conciliate men of all parties. General M'Clellan, it appears, resigned his commission in the Federal army on the morning of the election, and before the result could possibly be anticipated on better ground than the hope of either party. Should Mr. Lincoln refuse to accept the resignation and appoint his unsuccessful rival to such high command in the army as his genius, his character, and (in spite of his defeat) his undoubted popularity, warrant the President in giving and the General in accepting, he will effect a masterstroke of policy. It remains to he seen whether he will he magnanimous enough to do so.
ile Mr. Lincoln is getting up pr lamati hinted at by General Butler after the episode of the double revolvers, which will offer to the an unconditional amnesty, leaders included, if they will oeee return to their Northern brethren the Canadians we debating mda hat name their country shall henceforward be known. Some (adin., differing only in one letter; but others, to mark their and the pride they have in it, suggest New Brit, Biitannia, d West Britain. The unanimity of feeling amongst all classes is y delightful. Even the Yankee reporter of the .Yew York Herald; sgentieman who, we presume, has now and then been employed in rjLijculing "Canadian bluenoses" and throwing mud at "old Mother England, could not fail to be struck with the attachment shown to the miller country. It appears to have at once astonished and perplexed him. It cannot, however, fail to gratify us. Britain does not want, l spite of Professor Somebody and Chancellor Blank, to be severed from her colonies. The war in America has done her and them this -Vice-it has taught them that the constitution they posseas is

ly the freest in the world, and that the bonds which bind them in

allegiance to the mother country, though as strong as steel, are, as they wear them as light as silken fetters.

rw
AMERICA.

By the Peruvian and the City of London we have New York dispatches to the afternoon of the 26th nit.

General Sherman is making his way through the heart of Georgia, laying waste the whole country in the track of his columns. There is, however, little as yet positively known as to his movements, and these is no certainty as to the point at which he is aiming. It seems as if he were making for Augusta, one portion of his cavalry having reached Gordon. He appears to have extended his army along a wide extent of country, and had burned several towns through which lie passed. There was a report that he had captured Macon, but this is not confirmed. On the contrary, at the last account, the Confederate General Wheeler with his cavalry was said to be disputing the advance of Sherman's column on that place. General Beauregard had telegraphed that he would soon be in Georgia to aid in repelling the invader, and he requested the people to destroy everything before Sherman, so that he could not live on the country. The Georgian representatives had also telegraphed a similar request. Meantime, the militia were mustering in all directions, and orders had been given that the local forces of North and South Carolina should go beyond the borders of their own States to assist in repelling the bold Federal. Hood was progressing rapidly in Tennessee. He was advancing on Pulaski, from which the Federals were retreating, melting for Colombo, where an engagement was expected. Thus we have the remarkable spectacle of a Federal General making his way by fire and sword through the rich cotton State of Georgia, and of the Confederate General so lately opposed to him carrying at the same time the war northward.

At Petersburg no active movement had taken place; but the Con

federates were reported to be mining under Grant's lines. On a late Federal reconnaissance in the Shenandoah Valley Early was found in strong force at Rood's Hill.

President Lincoln has issued a proclamation announcing that the blockade of the ports of Norfolk, Virginia, and Pensacola and Farntsndina, Florida, should be raised on Dec. 1, when those ports would be opened to commerce, excluding only articles contraband of war.

The exchange of prisoners of war is still in progress at Savannah.

At last accounts nearly 4000 had been exchanged.

The Hon. Reuben E. Fenton, Governor Elect of the State of New York, in responding to a serenade at the Astor Rouse, stated thdt hereafter the State should occupy no hesitating or equivocal position. The issue presented to the people, he said, was whether they would maintain the Government in its integrity, or whether the advantages gained over the Confederates should be surrendered thus acknowledgin the inability of the North to maintain the contest and becoming the laughing-stock and derision of mankind.

It is reported from Washington that Lord Lyons has almost

recovered from his recent illness.

An attempt was, we are told, made, on the night of the 25th tilt., to set fire simultaneously to a number of the great hotels theatre

and public buildings of New York; but it is added that little damage was done. Two of the alleged incendiaries had been apprehended, and it was supposed that Confederate emissaries were connected with

tlottest 9

h9e I . uotation of gold at New York was 1221 per cent premium.

The Canadian authorities, finding that the Southerners were collecting munitions of war at various points, had prohibited the exportation of arms.
PYTO FALLS fl VIRGINIA.

WE have engraved on another page a sketch, by an smteur art

of Peyton afla, in the Allegheny Mountains. Western v:-t.

This romantic and beantiM cascade i on the Falling Spring. a lo ik tributary to Jat1uon'a River It Is situated in the dherict tft t.r.Yihip Ideh was once known its West Angesita, ap1ace rctntble for

t)-

Urac and patriotlam of itt **anta. This it the plie wbth

a. on referred when he said, in the darkest thtys f the .critn

Revolt ttion, "Give me but a banner, and I will plant it upn rt

mmtaIn of \%'%t Augtsta. and rally tumin1 we the men who w11 raic iwr bkcfling country from the thtt auti ,et her free S: t,v.ifl

Jkor, the hero of the le-ei unhappy eirl war, n wel ai many

&,f ] immortal biiuIe. wtt it i live fit thi i,'rct. Ii. wa :e I'c'un Palls, 1.il. Uint on of iii" On-At batih' of the "vl war

rcii-tkat of JUeb i:tdn, in a htch fy11 Urneral It. S
and Colonel John A. Washington. Peyton Falls is the highest cascade or waterfall in America, being 200 ft. in height, while that of Niagara is only 150 ft. The principal stream, however, is only about 10. yards wide at the top and a little more spread at the bottom of the falL The water is bright

=d klin d the stream in other parts is fuR of trout. Year the =7e.'L Mi.,,al spring of rare curative properties
AcAnc, England, in peace and prosperity, is preparing for the

great Christian festival, and again she has to look sadly acro the eea. where those who own her blood and speak her tan uage are ergaged in the fourth year of a frightful war. It would seem, indeed, that every mail is destined to bring tidings that the ordinary horrors of strife are increased by some new barbarism. We have heard of whole districts laid wte; we have heard of prisoners being placed under fire have heard of other prisoners murdered in cold blood, liv side as a deed of vengeance, by the other as a deed of repri.,sZ we have heard. of a great army marching off mysteriously ti strike some heavy llow, nad lighting up conflagration a along its way, The last maiLs add another feature to ti savage story. We learn that eight or nine great tires brok out in New York the fame night. and. that thee wer the work of a body of leagued incendiaries in the interest of the (Jon. federates. They selected places where numbers of pe-no is were assembled, some of the localities being places of ment. and, but for early dieovery, the most frightful car'isg would have been wrought. It is no longer in the mnntlu of those who have in any degree aided or. abetted in tii'i villanotis attempts to complain of the rough del. of Federal commanders. Those who could plan th•- firit, of theatres, where, even if tile fire were sutiln 1, the panic must almost inevitably can se of lire t, wcimn and children, are beyond tht pale of civilisation. It will b; usele.s to endeavour to lay the crime to the charge of volunteer desperadoes. We have ourselves read, weeks ago, notice Pt Vie Southern ralcin that such schemes were in hand; icnl we ci 'served that they were applantled as a rightful reveug for atrocities stated-and. we dare say, with truth-to have beeft

committed by Federal soldiers. In short, the war h. %s assumed a character so savage that we cannot bat feel that if a stern military dictator of real genius. of tile Ifitpolean":,. thlcr, could arise and could bring the war to a sadden ael violent end it would be well for humanity. The pictures new presented all over the Union, and. what was the Union, are to shocking to be e subject of ordinary social conversation, and the topic is now put aside with sadness. And. we write thi4 but a few days from another Christmas Day.

At the season now rapidly approaching all who are resily open to the sacred influence of the time will assuredly ask' themselves whether Englishmen have done their duty to their American brethren in regard to the war. It is enough that at our Christmas we are afraid to talk of America; it wcnill be unhappy indeed did we feel that any conduct of outs hart conduced to the continuance of the Strife. or that aily exertions to terminate it had been wanting on hur part. In no Pharisaical or sell-righteous spirit we say that. England may arroa.ch her altars and gather round her social boris with no reproach of conscience in this respect. From the first hour of the war to the present moment we have been resolutely neutral, while we have lost no chance of mediation that would not have been construed into offence. The Foreiga Minister s1 this country has declared, in the House of Lords, his conviction that the subjugation of the South would not be
for the good of the Union nor for that of the African. To say

that the British press has never expressed exaltation at the

disruption of an empire that had ever menaced us and our colonies is only to say that the organs of public opinion have leen faitbfnl, and that the spirit of Englishmen has been generous and kindly as of old. But the press deserves moro, than negative credit. The Federal population has never been aided by its own Government to know the real progress of the war or its variote chances but the English press has enilea. vonred to give this infoatlcn with fidelity, in order t mk

our American brethren understand the true character the

work which their rulers have persuaded them can be acsom

pUshed by force. If, therefore, the North has chosen to c,-Wm.

mit itself to the war, and to elect a chief who has since pledge I himself to carry it on until one party shall snccwnh frurn exhaustion, the terrible decision has been arrived at in face of the whole truth, which has been supplied by the press of

England. We will not speak of certain well-meant, if Inju-dicious, remonstrances which have been addressed to the

Northerners, because we have not approved that kind of inter

ference, and it is not upon sentimental grounds that a greu.

people should be asked to alter its policy. The best thing Oh-41,

we could do for OM American brethren vas to tell them Cie

truth, which they could not get from their own state5rn1 o,-journalists, and this has been done.

Therefore, we may say without pride, but also without hesi tation, that England has no guilt in respect to this war. At the festival which is approaching, and when thought. :vi .1 words of kindness should be the rule with all, we shall have little to say of America; but the lightestminded will wish. earnestly, that long before another recurrence of the great feast the sword will have been sheathed. But beyond this England, as a nation, is not called upon to make her Christmas sail with American memories. We have dons or &ity. and we have a right to the peaceful enjoyment of the least,
V5&LLiVU 011W i 1555 noisy way r

On Saturday night twenty-five gentlemen, some on the press and others gathered from the different classes of society, witnessed an :especial sdancewithespecially providedtests of the Davenport Brothers. The head of these gentlemen, Mr. Edmund Yates, wrote an account of this meeting, from which it would appear that the spiritualists were net quite so successful with these sceptics as with a mixed company of spectators. The gentlemen retired puzzled but not satisfied, the conclusion of the thief guest being that in calling the brothers "sorry mountebanks " he did them great injustice. "I believe them to he," he continues, lithe very cleverest conjurors whose performances I have ever attended." This judgment is arrived at, perhaps, after too perfunctory an inspection. In the .flfontshq Post, Captain Richard Burton has deposed to some very startling deeds of these conjurors. Whilst suspending his belief, the great African traveller, who surely is sceptical enough on most points and who has seen most systems of Indian jugglery, deposes to hearing Strange voices, feeling rough )in nds, seeing drops of fire from the ceiling, and beholding all those strange do'nss in the dark séance which have puzzled most of Us. Mr. owitt, in a recently-published letter, proclaims the ultimate triumph of spiritualism over the ignorant opposition of a ribald press, to the writers on which he calls out, "Go ahead, gentlemen, and in a very short time you will have pilloried yourselves amongst the opponents of vaccination, electricity, steam, - and railroads to the amplest satisfaction of your very worst

aea." ------------------------------------------------------

Blacksoosd's valuable series of papers on the Public Schools' Repoct is concluded with as much ability as it was commenced. We shoald he glad to see it reprinted. Both "Cornelius O'Dowd" and "Tony Butler" somehow fail to amuse this month, and the number would be dull, but for the American experiences of a cavalry officer lately returned from a year's excursion in Seoessia. He does not seem, indeed, to he endowed with any more ample portion of intellectual brilliancy than is strictly proper in a heavy dragoon; his description of the great Confederate overthrow at Gettysburg is tame indeed after Colonel Freemantle's; and, though he seems to have been on intimate terms with the Secessionist leaders, he seems unable to relate a single anecdote or convey the most unimportant trait of character. His simplicity is perfectly astounding, and however trustworthy his account of what passed under his eyes may be, it is clear that his infercures from it are not worth a Federal greenback or even a Confederate one. Still, the nature of his subject will secure him eager readers, who Will be only too thankful for any information, however meagre and prejudiced. Though devoid of graphic power, he sometimes indicates the possession of humour, as where he observes, O3

people here mean to speak of a native of Holland they call him ast 'Amsterdam Dutchman,' but when they speak of one of German race generally they leave out the Amstsr." There is also a good story of a wounded Confederate soldier, who, finding he would have to lose his leg, immediately proceeded to barter the useless boot.
It is stated that more than a hjh&l vagrant children are

tl('ry OO1th iene4 from the streets of New York and sent to the west,

'.*re the farmers are glad to receive them. This is done by an a000ClatIeTi,

ti the Children's Aid Society. The whole expense does not average mere th*0 tstiois. for. each child
THE TOWN AND PORT OF NASSAU.

THE Bahama Islands, though smaller and less productive than the rest of the British West Indian colonies, derive a certain political and commercial importance from their position more especially since the blockade of the Southern States by the Federaf navy. The port of Nassau, in the island of New Providence, being at no great distance from the coast of Florida, and commanding the nearest entrance to the navigation of the Gulf of Mexico; with an easy run, moreover, to Bermuda on the one hand, or to Wilmington, South Carolina, on the other, has hecome a great entrepôt for the blockadebreaking trade. We are indebted to an officer of the 1st West India Regiment, stationed at this place, for a View of the town and harbour, which we have engraved. It is taken from the verandah of the mess-house of the officers of that regiment, and gives a correct general idea of the place and its buildings. The large gate in the foreground is the entrance to the grounds of Government House, The cathedral is in the centre of the View. The two long buildings seen beyond the cottages in the foreground are the barracks. The harbour is very spacious, and formed by the long strip of rocky ground called "Hog Island," on which coal depOts have recently been formed, so as to prevent the quays being occupied by the vast store of coal required for the steamers. There is also a dock, in which a "blockader"

is seen undergoing repair. The vessel seen beyond the cathedral tower is the Lizzie, built on the Clyde, an Engraving of which was lately published in our Journal. She was sold the other day at Nassau to a merchant at Havannab. Another blockade-runner is just crossing the bar and coming into port with colours flying, denoting a successful run; while on the horizon we see another just off to "Dixie," These little steamers are painted a light grey, or nearly white, which renders them almost invisible at a distance, and they glide noiselessly over the water; yet it is a common thing, now that the Northerners have made the blockade of Wilmington so rigid, to see the steamers come into the port of Nassau with their masts shot away or their bulls pierced by shot. The population of Nassau is now threefold what it was before the blockade, comprising people of all nations and every class; and many large fortunes have been made, especially by those who engaged early in the traffic; but the crowded state of the town, together with the cases of yellow fever brought here by the shipping, has caused that fearful disease to prevail at Nassau more during the last summer than m previous years. Several cases have occurred among the officers of the garrison, but only two have proved fatal As might be expected, house rent in the town is enormously high just now; and so is the price of provisions, which are chiefly imported from home, since their export from New York is prohibited, lest they should be sent into the Southern States to supply the Confederate army.
~  10  AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Nova Sootian and the Ems we have intel

ligence from New York to the 3rd inst.

The chief news brought is the announcement that there had been a

severe engagement between the hostile armies in Tennessee. The

Federal General Schofield reports that, on the afternoon of the dOtk nit., two corps of General. Hood's army attacked Franklin, but were repulsed at all points by him, with the loss, on the enemy's side, of 5000 or 6000 men, including 1000 prisoners; while the Federals' loss was only a quarter of that sustained by their assailants. Nevertheless, General Schofield retired during the night from Franklin towards a position three miles south of Nashville; and on the following morning the victorious and retreating Federals were closely followed by the defeated and pursuing Confederates. Heavy kirhi ig v jnngrel11g and a general e"gg.inei was trp I I
