ItA(B ON A BRITISH SUI3JECL-Lord It. CECIL said lie wienee to put

q Under-Secretary for the Foreign Department relative to an

for ""' "' be lorth

aaest'On to th a ar Secret

u 0 ubj  a

0 ra a on I British  had been I

g

he be

an .7 whs' , r any at. p. had _a t-k ble nad 9 ac'

bad see. W il to that which C. ~res sa going . 1 at"

d b b

U. B ~.4 r rass .4 lt.a Stt. ae'.rurnent, h

been demanded for the_outrag

THE TUSCALOOSA.-Lord CHELMSFORD called the attention of their Lordships to the mode in which the Government proposed to deal with prizes brought by the belligerent Powers of America into ports within her Majesty's dominions, as described in the correspondence presented to Parliament wills respect to the Tuscaloosa. The noble Lord condemned the course of procedure contemplated as most objectionable and dangerous, and totally opposed to the comity of nations.-Earl RUSSELL observed that the law of nations required that prizes captured at sea should be legally condemned in the prize courts of the captors; but the Confederates had no power to take prizes into their own ports on account of the Federal blockade-a circumstance which rendered the present war altogether anomalous. He contended that the captain of a belligerent cruiser had no right to put guns on board her and claim to have her treated as a commissioned ship of war. If that could be done, the Confederate cruisers might dispose of every one of their prizes in Sex

U.

HOUSE OF COMMONS,-ThuR$nAY.

AM RICAN AFFAIRS.-Sir G. GREY, in reply to Mr. Hopwood, said it was not the intention of the Government to propose a. conference of European Powers on American affairs ; that there was no ground for making such a proposal, as they were certain that the United States Government would not concur in it.

THE TiTdOALOOSA.

On the order of the day for going Into Committee of Supply',

 Mr. PEACOCK called attention to the case of the Confederate vessel Tueoa

loose, and the instructions to seize her contained in the despatch of the

colonial officer to the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope, dated the 4th

of November last, and which he held were a weak concession to the menaces and demands of the United States. The hon. member argued, front the dicta of Sir W. Scott and other learned jurists on questions of international law, that the Tuscaloosa was sufficiently clothed with the character of a manof-war to exempt her from seizure under the Queen's Proclamation, and that the commander of the Alabama, who bad captured her and converted her into a Confederate cruiser, bad as much right to commission her in that capacity as a commodore. He charged the Government with cowardice in evading the responsibility that rested only on themselves and ondeavouring to cast it upon the shoulders of Sir P. Wodehouse. He complained that the instructions of November remained virtually unrepealed, and called upon the House i.e demand their recall; for, if we enforced them against one Power, we wore bound to enforce them againet another; If we acted upon them in the case of a week Power, we must likewise do so in the case of a strong Power. Supposing, then, we applied them against a strong Po wer, the result must be to plunge the country into war; and if against a weak Power, It would cover the country with intolerable shame. It was in the interest of peace that he invited th

House to assist in obtaining a revocation of those Instructions, for as long as

they stood unrepealed they were at once a source of danger and disgrace. In conclusion, the boa, member moved that the instructions contained in. the despatch of the Duke of Newcastle, dated the 4th of November, 1868, and whto

remained still unrevoked, were at -variance with the principles of inbornatloxud law.

The SOLIOITOB-GENEBAL, in resisting the motion, observed that at

present we were neutrals, but the day might arrive when we should

become belligerents, exercising belligerent rights; and when we agaia

exercised those rights it might be that another armed neutrality would he formed against us. It behoved the House, therefore, to think well before they furnished such an armed neutrality with weapons forged óy oureel'ves. The question was, whether the Tuscaloosa, when she entered Simon's Bay, was still a prize to the Alabama or had lost that character of a 'vearel of war. There was no disputing that she was a prize, that she had not been taken into any port of the Confederate States, for the purpose of being adjudicated upon ; and the evidence showed, moreover, that her supposed conversion into a Confederate ship of war was a mere sham and pretence. Sir B. Walker had no doubt about her real character from the first; but he was overruled by the opinion of the Attorney-General of the Cape. In his (the Solicitor-General's) opinion there was no doubt but that she was a prize of war, and that her supposed conversion into a Confederate cruiser was a mere plan and pretence.

Mr. WuiTNionse contended that we had shamefully violated our alleged neutrality, as there could be no doubt whatever but that the Tuscaloosa was lawfully converted into a tender to the Alabama, that her Commander had a legal commission, and that we had no right whatever to detain her. It the Tuscaloosa had been a prize of the Alabama instead of her tender she ought to have been warned o, but under no circumstance was her seizure tobe justified.

Alter a lengthened debate, which was chiefly confined to the members of the legal profession, the House divided, when Mr. Peacock's motion was defeated

by a majority of 219 to 185.
Majesty's ports, and this would have the effect o at once violating the BoyZ proclamation and the neutrality of the country. In his opinion the (overninent were bound to regard the TucalOOS8. as an unoondemned prize; but tha law officers of the Crown felt that under all the circumstances of the case it

would have been sufficient to warn her o. He denied that the Government bad truckled to Federal menaces and threats, and asserted that whatever demands Ministers had made upon the Federal Government had been promptly and fairly attended to.-After a short discussion the subject drooneiL
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

WE have engraved on the next peg's two more of our Special Artiets sketches in illustration of the American war.

UNLOADING OOTTOR ThOM BLOCW)E-RUNNERS AT THE POET OF NA8ATJ.

The first Eng avingrepresents an operation which, though its locality is the British port of Nassau1 in the Wet Indies, must be deiieribed as an incidental result of the Federal blockade. In our Journal of April iG we published a 'View of Nassau, with one of those bteamboats which frequently escape the vigilance of the Northern criiers o Wilmington just entering the neutral harbour in safety. We now engrave a vessel of this description lying at the wharf in Nassau and unshipping her valuable freight. The thousand negroes engaged in this labour make the neighbourhood of the quay resound with their songs as they heave and haul at the heavy bales: and some, carried aney by their excitement, leap on to the fluffy piles and relieve themselves by a 11 break dowa." As the cotton is usually the property of English putthaeeza who have ordered it beforehand in exchange for their cargoes at English manufacurud goods, this fllnstraton may be regarded with psrtkular interest hv some of our readsa's.

GENtAL ART'5 WINTER QUAD.TEB$ ON TILE RAPIDIN.

We will leave our Special Artist to describe in his own worth the second Illustration:-" Probably," he says. no Southern General i more frequently heard of in If ugland than the gallant and chivalrous Stuart, who commands the Confederate cavalry in Virginia. Almost every mail beings to Europe some tiding, of a raid executed by this dashing leader in the Federal rear, or uf thecapturo of a Yankee supply-train between the RappaLanek and Potomac rivers by some of his daring horsemen. It is from the tent on the right-hand side of the Engraving that his orders for "boot and saddle go forth;" and, when untie those orders are abroad. the Federal aoldiere get but little rest. However, a the siuw :t,w thickly covers the soil of Virginia, the General is co peled lu

ungrateful idkness. and your Correspondent takes advantage of th

mument'a quiet to make the axoxnpsnying drawing' This rinazk was upplicahu to the tnte of th weather i 1'ifim at tlt imu u;,r Ar.ista ktth WA_- ma.
-  AMERICA.

By the Peruvian we have news from New York to the 23rd nit.

The transmission of news from Virginia has been stopped by the' Federal Government; and it was consequently supposed that either General Lee or General Grant had put his army in motion. Confederate deserters reported that General Longstreet's corps was. moving down the Shenandoah Valley, and that ten days' rations had been issued to General Lee's army. General Grant had left Washington, for the front, and General Buruside had gone to Port Monroe, where large.bodies of Federal troops were arriving from the coast of South Carolina. General Kilpatriok has been relieved from his command in the army of the Potomac, and ordered to report to General Sherman. It is reported that Grant will give Isd'Olellau. an active command.

The Confederates had suddenly assumed the offensive in North Carolina, and had attacked Plymouth. An attempt made by land on. the 17th ult. to take Fort Gray, the work which defends that town, was unsuccessful; but a "ram "-probably one of the iron-clad steamers which rumour had for some time asserted that the (Jonfederates were building up the North Carolina rivera-sank three Federal gun-boats, and obtained full command of the River Roanoke below Plymouth, thus intercepting the garrison's communications. Several gun-boats had left Fort Monroe to aid the Federals, and the garrison of Plymouth was said to be well supplied with provisions, and to be able to hold out.

In Florida the Federals had abandoned Pilatka, and another of their transports had been sunk by torpedoes in the St. John's River.

 The greater part of the town of Hickman, in Kentucky, had been.

burned by Confederate guerrillas.

A severe engagement occurred on the 8th nit, between the advance. of General Banks's army and the Confederates, at Pleasant Hill, beyond Grand Ecore, Louisiana. The Federal cavalry in front were routed, causing a demoralised retreat of the infantry in the rear. The 19th Army Corps of 7000 then advanced checking the Confederate progress. The Federals estimate their loss at 2000 men and one battery. The Confederates, however, estimate the Federal loss at 4000 men. General Banks's defeat has been confirmed, but there is a. report of a Federal victory achieved on the following day, 01 this,

however, there is no confirmation in the latest news. The Confederates. attacked the Federal fleet designed to co-operate with Banks, but were

repulsed with great loss.

The Federals have been driven from Big Black River, with the loss

of several hundred prisoners.

A committee had been appointed to inquire into the truth of the

accounts of the massacre by the Confederates at Fort Pillow; and

President Lincoln had declared that if those accounts were true he would order some retaliation to be made, though he could not yet deterrnine the form or extent of that retaliation. General Sherman states, in his official report, that the place was taken after a comparatively slight resistance, during winch about 150 of the garrison were killed and wounded, and 300 of the negro soldiers were then murdered in cold blood.

The Governors of four Western States, Wisconsin, Illinois, Ohio, and Indiana, had arrrived at Washington for the purpose of urgm President Lincoln to call out 200,000 volunteers for six months; an the Governor of New York had offered the services of the Militia for the occupation of all the Federal forts in that state.

The House of Representatives was debating a tax bill, and Secretary Chase had. declared in a letter that it was necessary to provide. by taxation for at least one half of the Government's expenditure.

Congress was discussing a bill providing for the introduction of

European immigrants, who are to repay to the Federal Government

out of their wages the cost of their passage.

Both Houses of the New York State Legislature have passed a.

resolution to pay the interest of the State debts to all creditors in, greenbacks. The Governor has urged the Legislature to reconsider its resolution to pay the interest of the State debt in currency.

The Lieutenant of the Vanderbildt was being tried by a naval court-martial at New York for the murder of the mate of the Saxon.

The premium on gold at New York fell on the 21st tilt, to 65 per cent, but on the following day it rose to 75 per cent "under war rumours, and on account of the Government broker ceasing to sell gold," and the latest quotation on the 23rd was 77 per cent.

The Official Naval Register for 1864 has just been issued from the

Government press. It reports the number of vessels, including those

still building, to be 617: among them seventy-two ironclads and two

rams-the Avenger and Vindicator. From Dec. 31, 1862, to March 6, 1864, the navy had lost thirty-nine vessels by capture, destruction, r snagging, 'wreck &c. including six ironclads and three rams
HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TrnmsDAt.

Tn OO1ED]1t/TE STEAfEP G1OXGIA.-Mr, W. E. PoRsrEt gave tobLoe that on Friday 'week Mr. Baring would call attention to the admission of the Confederate steamer Georgia into the port of Liverpool, and put a question with reference to that affair. II
AMERICA.

The steamer City of Baltimore brings news from New York to the 50th alt. At that date neither General Lee nor General Grant had made any movement. General Lee was being strongly reinforced from all quarters, and General Bnrnsid.e was preparing to co-operate with General Grant. General Longstreet is reported to have taken up a position on the left of Lee's army.

The defeat sustained by the Red River expedition was admitted to have been more disastrous than the first accounts represented it to be; for it was stated that General Banks had lost 4000 prisoners, thirty guns, a gun-boat, and 1,000 00 dols. in "greenbacks." The Ccnfeclerates were reported to be marching upon Grand ]core, where his troops were strongly intrencheci.

The Confederates have achieved a success in North Carolina. On the 20th of April General Koke assaulted Plymouth, and captured it with 1500 prisoners and thirty guns. It was saidthat the Confederates repeated their Fort Pillow brutalities, and massacred 150 negro soldiers after they had surrenderea.

Among the miscellaneous items of news, it may be chronicled tirat President Lincoln has accepted the oer of the Governors of Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana Ohio, and. Iowa, to furnish 100,000 volunteers for a hundred clays for fortification and frontier duty.

The import duties have been increased 50 per cent for sinty days.

A" drought " of 8850 men had been ordered to take place on the ard of May, in the State of New Jersey.

The Senate of the State of New. York had refused to take into consideration Governor Seymonrs remonstrance against the resolution that the interest of the State debt shall be paid in "greenbacks."

The price of gold was greatly and constantly fluctuating in Now' York; but the latest quotation was 79 per cent premium.

After a prosperous existence of three weeks, the Great Sanitary Fair at New York, for the benefit of the wounded soldiers cml of the widows and children of the slain, was brought to a close on the 23rd of April. The receipts were nearly 1,1 00,000 dole.

The American papers record the death of Mr. G. T. Ticnor, the famous Boston publisher.

A letter from Nassau states that between November, 1861, an

March 10, ll64, 425 attempts were made from that port alone to n the blockade, and that 363 of these adventures proved successful.
Yiew York paper "tee that the cse4 for the i

harm fn th F.ckn snry t b 4 & w bt Lt yew the ca*racter cpzd £ 12JiC. &%e ci i ø. wU* an

o1) -boat 4eV. the bo!e fci . the tet Me tefl  L bft wJL

the id, Ic cth eth.4; the thi*

great "Lalande prfre of the Fre5eb AetMeay ha betn

awgTdM to * re4c eeta-Kr. A'e* Out. f OaWIAct.

he ftwv~~ at the FLrI. b i In ltecici by kt*e en4 In*44 tr the

o*i7 of the ticec4ty a Ace. bt  e pree#.i by the

zeka of ctimm f i ,Ls.
'The eq decided victories achieved by the Southern Coufeferacy, the news of which arrives just as we are putting their shipowuer; on trial as pirates; the facts that they dominate the Mississippi, have crushed banks, keep Grant in check, and have retaken and hold at least sin important forts, the possession of which relieves their able city and makes it safer than Washington itself; these facts have brought forward Mr. W. S. Lindsay, who proposes that now the time has arrived for an open recognition of the Southern Slates as an independent nation. Why not? It is useless to conceal the fact tkattheir conquest is utterly hopeless. The Northern States, taxed to their utmost, are staggering on in a fool's paradise, believing, probably, that their deb:s will never be paid, that repudiation will be easy, or that the "resources" of America are so enoanous that she will quickly recover.

Among the curious items whic'a we receive from New York are two somewhat noteworthy. The first is that Lieutenant Danenhower (not Donovan, we are told with emphasis) has been acquitted of the murder of Mr. Cu:,-q. of the ship Saxon. Our readers will remember that this Federal officer had a habit of shooting poplc down, and that be shot on inoffensive English mate in an English ship which the Yankees had overhauled. No one supposed. that a New York iury would have condemned him; and yet it "yerks one," as Lord Bmleigh has it to see Murder walk away scot-free! The other is that the Confederates amongst Banks's bao.gage took one million of dollars in greuibaoks. Now, a million to ugllsh ears is a great fact. So it is-in pounds: it falls to a fifth in dollars, and in greenback; to nothing. A tow revolutions of the Government printingmacbias and all the "treasnie" will be replaced.

Three queer books were hatched last week-a new ectinon

Thsraehi's Revolutionary Epic; a revelation of the doings of thr months in an English monastery (which, by-the-way, is farless comfortable than an English workhouse, not to mention a prison) under the guidance of Father Ignatius; and "Manhattan's" novel. The latter holds such sins within its cloth covers that Mr. Mudie

volunteer Expurgator Indiczh-has withdrawn it from his readers:

n conscientious act. for which, however questionable the result is he is to be honoured. Manhattan dedicates his farrago of clotted Americanisms to James Gordon Bennett. of the New Toi'1 thratci, a person whom he has himself very plentif oily bespattered with abuse
HOUSE OF LORDS.-THDAy,

* rflE OR TU TY.L&RAT. ARM.-Th. Eir if

4 j of Earl Russell to t k&mp4ni of her ii4fi embpoett in Now York.-gar RrrLL amid that the bounty MO by the U4ti

for ch man MIW.,Od w" as mwh 21U0 or TOO 4i*n this was a indictment to unptimcipW pi v drug at "Wru vv km p in their pou*eiion MliQT and othen unt1 they could gq thøa to ,it*4. *4 thus pto& by the bounty. Re we ty =to, that e1thg I.eed Lon* bed recoomxaed with th nitsd StMe e4ee, L$ mats

not bt,t faowd by 96 sattefnetoiy renIt. It was t!* bttetto of Msa.tye Government to make the nttonget remxietazoe p  In

- an end to the 4lçnceuI kra2hidod to.
AMERICA.

We ba'c-e news from New York to the 4th inst. No coilia

down to that time taken place between the h

There were, rumours that General Grant had put his troops in M

but it was anita uncertain whether there them. The ederais had evacuated and the Confederates were reported to have invested New oj Beauregard was said .to have assumed the chief command of the Confederate forces in North Carolina, General his  rftmw

gan-boaW ad transports, with the exception of the gun4jc

down the Bed River as far as xandris, where

arrived. Nothing was known respecting the Steile's corps, which had advanced from Arkan operate with General Banks in attacking Shreveport,,, The federates hfd captured and burned the Federal gun. p miles above Yazoo City.

The Washington ladies have organised a patriotic !)mL

which the objects arc thus summarised b the New

ol

its "sation headings" to a report 1 the  gn

"No more foreign goods. Formation of a ladies, oovent M'FJinisey to be put In Coventry. Hon. Mrs. Shoddy in IL D drem No imported tat diamonds, silks, o of bonnets, What is asked of the men

they shall give n imported wines, liquors, and cigars. The revolution. ladies to drink catnip tea and the men French boots and Paris lapdogs to be kicked out by themselves, the object of the meeting, composed of the wives of members of the Cabinet and of aftgAw and representatives, of well-known authoresees, women of mothers who had lost their Sons, and wives who had ha husbands, is to "unite the women of the country resolution to -purchase no Imported articles of can possibly be substituted during the continuance of the war . 7%0 name of the association was declared to be "the t*di' N*tkau Covenant," arid "a black bee, with wings enamelled nature," selected as the badge of the covenant, "to be worn ,j t, tijeolour ribbon a little in front of the left hojj," transacting its business, the meeting, at the instance of a pi esent. "delayed adjournment till photographe&"

Admiral Winces, the officer concerned in the Trent air, ha ,

to professional disgrace. He has been found by c  M,

of disobedience of orders, negligence in obeying orders, dieresp,j

language to his superior officer, refusal of obedience

orders issued by the Secretary of the Navy, and other coMt

coming an officer. Re was sentenced to be publicly repeim. b,

the Secretary of the Navy, and to be  suspended for three years.

Congress has passed a resolution equalising the pay of coke

white troops, and the House of Repreentatrrea has paj a btf adding three dollars a month to the soldiers' pay.

The House of Representatives has appointed a Coeaadta

investigate the charges of fraud in the Treasury Depsi,,

There has been great agitation in the New York Money MsAst and the premium was once as high as 94 per cent.

The St. Louis correspondent of the Cuicinnofi (?iazsf writm g,& the largest Indian expedition ever fitted out is moving towards 1dabe having for its object the subjugation or extermination of the wcgi

Indiai.
LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The following telegrams have been received through M. Renter's

office

AMERICA.

[Per the Bremen.]

New York, May 7, Morning.

General Grant's campaign against Richmond has commenced.

General hfeade's army crossed the Rappahannock on the 4th,

meeting with no opposition. Re advanced on the .5th to Chancaljoreville and Wilderness, where, after heavy skirmishing, Lee was found in force in the Federal front. On the night of the 5th the position of Meade's army was parallel with, and a little in advance of, the road from Germania Ford to Chancellorsville, both flanks resting on those points, with the general head-quarters at Wilderness. It was understood Meade would make a general attack on the fol. 1c-wing Morning. Heavy firing was heard on the morning of the 6th, but no details of the result of the engagement have been received. The co-operating column, tinder the command of Generals Couch and Siegel, have marched from Wincheater up the Shenandoah Valley.

The troops under General Butler were landed at City Point. on the -James River, on the 5th. Monitors and gun-boats co-operate in Butler's movement against Richmond.

General Beauregard is at Petersburg with 80,000 men to oppose Butler.

The Federals also occupy West Point, on the peninsula.

The following particulars of some skirmishing by General Meade, en the morning of the 5th have been received.-The Confederates having appeared in force on the Federal right, near Chancelloraville and Wilderness, the Federal cavalry on the Orange Court House road were driven in with severe loss. Griffiths's division advancing on the right was met by the Confederates under General A. P. Hill, supported by General Ewell, and a severe action ensued, the Federals capturing 800 prisoners and losing two guns. General Hancock's corps, while marching to the Federal right to connect with Warren, was attacked by General Longatreet's full corps, supported by Ewefl. Hancock held his position for two hours, under a severe fire of musket y, by which he suffered severely, but inflicted considerable damage en the enemy. These skirmishes showing Lee's whole force to be in the Federal front, Meade ordered his line of battle to be held till the mo]ning. Prdvious to the advance, General Meade issued an address cautioning the men who refused to do duty on the ground of their term of service having expired that unless they returned to their duty they would be shot down without trial.

General Sherman's array commenced moving on the 5th from Chattanooga towards northern Alabama and Georgia.

The column under General Steele has returned to Little Rock, followed and harassed by the Confederates, who were expected to attack that place.

The Federals burned Washington, North CaroBm at the time of the evacuation.  -

The Confederate rams are expected to attack the Federal fleet off Newbern.

Southern despatches state that General Forrest had captured Decatur, Tennessee, killing the whole garrison.

Admiral Porter has blown up the gun-boat East Port in the Red Hiyer, and whilst returning to Alexandria the attacks by the Confederates compelled him to destroy two transports.

It is rumoured that General Banks was compelled to blow up

fteen gun-boats and transports at Alexandria and Grand Ecore. Other accounts state that he had a successful engagement between those places.

A Congressional Committee of Congress has issued a report stating that the massacre by General Forrest, after the capture of Decatur, bad been confirmed by personal investigation.

Gold was 72 per cent premium.
A tree was recently cut down in. California, the circurn

reace otahich is SOft., and Its height 325t. The tree contained 260,00011 t timber. The wood was sound, and vary solid,

ThE. Co&P.&iozor IEittS.-In the Monthly .2Votce8 q

Je Royal Aatronoinlcal Society are recorded some recent observations of till

star discovered by the American astronomer, Mr. .Aivan Clark. The Rev. W.

ewes says that on March 24 the air was rather thick, yet the image of Shins as uuually still and well deflned, and, although the compnnion was faint, et there could. be little doubt of Its being really a star. Alter taking sonic 'ouble, he 'was enabled to estimate the distance from the lattAr to the centre I Sirius to be about ten seconds.- On the 25th he was enabled to confirm the eality of the jrecedlng observation. Mr. Lssseil gives, in the same periodical, few measures of the posltioii And diatan9e of the compaala obtained by Mr.

Laxth and ft*, -
Sere vas a great Home gathered then, particularly °n

Opposition side, because Mr. Thomas Baring, who is the EmPezO

f the Barings, was formally to indict those fayouritiiflg spOCUlfr

ors in skips and guns who have enabled the Confederate St

of America to capture and destroy so many of those little *X)U1

orts, including munitions of war, which striorly neutral Brt merchants, of whom the home of Baring had, however, never were daily sending in vast quantities to the Federals. inenerZ Thomas fluxing is an impressive speaker. He rarely dresses the House, and then only in a few energetic, well-poised sentences) come with effect from one possessing a fine rich voice; but Oflth occasion he had undertaken to state and to arUe a ease, probY If not certainly, with some foregone conclusions in his mind which w5 notcalnulated to render him facile of ratiocination or ready of utter*' and so he rather rumbled and stumbled on, and one seemed to hO5 nothing but the rich 'voice. He laboured at his case also too long; the were half a dozen points at which he might have left off with effect; but he did not, and somehow there was a feeling that there wasa break0

somewhere, and the way was well cleared for the masterly and singularly judicious speech of the l.ttorney.Geflera1. most

Xfl this fl3t50

Sir Roundell Palmer exhausted all the skill of an advocate' for be inanagedso as not to seem-and, indeed, not to be-an advoC&' he stated each side of the case so fairly, admitted where adinissi0m" required so fully, and held fast so steadily to opinions which he

had

and which he caused his audience to feel to be sound, that o one in reality & word to say; and practically the debate lapsed then fort efforts which were made to prolong it were comparatively brie though Mr. W. B. Forster's speech was one full of matter, it could I stir up an adversary after Sir Hugh Cairns had declined to combat with his great professional and Parliamentary rival-. thus be seen that the House had been got exactly into made the count out of Morrilt on the malt tax inevitable.
The approaching hot summer will no doubt play an important political part. The weather, if commanded by (enerals Storm, Sunshine, Blight, or Eclipse, from that which separated the combatants at Sardis, or that which Tacitus tells us quelled the revolted Roman legionaries, has had a great eect upon the fighting men. In New York even the women are coming to the rescue, and at a political meeting, resolved to discourage luxury, to wear mere homespun, and to eat and drink only of Northern products. If this movement be universal, farewell the fifty per cent import duties, farewell the revenue therefrom, and farewell, too, the traders' enthusiasm for the war. The Timer tries to ridicule this very natural meeting of "mothers who had lost sons, widows who had lost husbands, and literary ladies" in New York. We see, however, no footing for ridicule. Our own men and women have done the same thing, and would do it again in spite of Gladstone's treaty; nay, would vote in favour of our own Coventry ribbons, Woodatock gloves, Spitalfields silks, and British beer against all Continental importations. Moreover, this meeting of women, who associated in huge numbers, are to wear a Bee brooch with a tricoloured ribbon on the left breast, means something else. It means peace. Wives who have husbands in the field, and mothers who have sons alive, will join the un-childed and the widows whose bitter experience have taught them the hopelessness of this war. Woman in America is fond of classical illusions, or, rather, of references to Drs. Goldsmith and Lemprire. The armies are now facing each other on the Rapidan and elsewhere. Could not a ready cohort of New England matrons emulate the example of the Sabine women, who saved their husbands, their brothers, and their fathers from useless internecine lanhter?

The new American two-cent piece looks like gold. wheat, surrounding "2 cents," and around which are the words tates of America," form one side. The shield of Liberty and I God our Trust "make up the conyerse side.
in VV.i5.i  .LJ1

AMERICA.

THosu political seers whose ken enables them at a glance to comprehend the exact position of American affairs inform us, with an air of authority,that the campaign which has just commenced in Virginia is to be the last of the war between the Federal and Confederate parties. The events of the first few days of the renewal of hostilities alone would suffice to sanctify a fervent wish on the part of all thinking men that the prediction may be verified. If the dispute between these belligerent brethren is to be settled by competitive slaughter, most assuredly a great deal has been already done towards its solution. Making every allowance for a natural, and still more for an American, tendency to exaggeration, the numbers of slain in these last battles on the road to Richmond are such as to lead, to a belief that the exhaustion of both parties is a question of a very precisely given time. Nothing has more struck the general mind of Europe in the contemplation of the civil war in America than the vastness of the hosts which have been brought together in the shock of battle. Notwithstanding the felicitous faculty of the Anglo-Saxon race for increase, which has been duly developed in the United States, as compared with its extent of territory, America is a thinly populated country. As a rule, its male population has not been more than adequate to the requirements of its industry; and, taking this fact also -into consideration, it is really marvellous that in this later period of a war of desolation and extermination, armies on such gigantic scales should be brought into collision, that one side alone confesses to a loss of 40,000 men. At this rate, the recruiting of the whole world, if it were attainable, would soon be insufficient to nieetthe insatiable demands of the TransatlantjcBeUona.
Beyond the immediate influence of the hot passions which infzxno the partakers in this direful contest there can be but

•ne wish, and that is, that the time is really approaching when this awful sacrifice of human life may be stayed.

The mode in which the news of the events of the American

war has reached this country has always been akin to that by which the writers of serial stories contrive to stop short in each number at a sensational point in order to keep interest alive until the issue of the next chapters. The mails are always dispatched at some critical moment of the operations. The situation which was reported at the beginning of this week, although forming no exception to this rule, was yet such as to enable an opinion to be formed of the probabilities of the next week or two. For the first time, the conduct of the Federal forces has been committed to a commander who, if not exactly a great general, is a man of resolution and of great tenacity of purpose, who is capable of forming & plan of military movement and of adhering to it. The crossing of the Bapidan, and the simultaneous movement of different Federal corps upon Richmond, were the result of a matured scheme, and, in the main, its execution was good. withhisusual strategy, which seems to be to tempt his enemy into the exact position which suits his preconceived plans, the Confederate chief fell back, and on his own ground awaited the shock of the attack which Grant delivered with admirable courage and impetuosity on his front, That Grant was repulsed in this onslaught is shown by the fact that Lee, in the course of the first day's encounter, assumed the aggressive, and took his adversary's line in flank, driving it back on the centre with great loss. During the fearful pause of the followingu ght,although the advantage maybe said, to have been with Lee, that General, having to make a relatively small army do the work of a large one in the face of a considerable superiority in his foe, wisely declined to fight again on the same ground, and retired to another and a still stronger position, against which, for three successive days, Grant hurled his battalions with persistent vigour, but in vain and there the acoonuti received in the early part of this week left the combatants. -

 Unquestionably another battle on the same terrible scale as those of which we know was imminent; but, considering the relative positions of the contending armies, it hardly seemed possible that it could be a decisive one. The Confederates were scientifically posted, so that courage and endurance could be made available almost to security. It appeared quite possible for them to stand fast and to resist any attacks which might be made on them, and to keep themselves for an indefinite period. between the direct advance of Grant's army on Bichmocd. On the other band, the Federal General, acting with a unity of purpose and an independence of will which none of his predecessors in command seemed to have possessed. in reference to the authority with which they were invested, with all appli ances and means around him, appears to be fixed in his determination to bring the campaign to a decisive issue. He b asserted to have said that he will fight it out even if it take the whole summer, language which, coming from him, may be taken to indicate a feeling that he is not yet, or not likely just yet to be, completely victorious. Acting on this resolution, w the latest accounts inform us, Grant, apparently with unabated vigour, and well, indeed nobly, seconded by the troops, who feel that they have at length got a leader who conceives a purposi and holds to it, brought on another fierce contest. In its result it tended no further to a decisive issue, and it only develop

the continuance of an evid.entlypredetermiued plan. on the par of Lee, That General, on the whole, standing, under grea difficulties, his ground to the termination of this last battle again executed a retiring movement, left his position a Spottsylvunia, crossed the river Po, and occupied another and, no doubt, strong point, against which Grant wil be compelled to dash himself as he has done on th previous occasions. That he will take that course I certain; but the tactics of his opponent remain unimpeaches The Federals have fought their way twenty miles into th

bow one can scarcely imagine, with money, men, arid material of war, the Federal hosts have hitherto been practically without a leader; they did not have the fortune to possess a chief who could develop their capabilities, and their numerous battalions have proved but a cumbrous and unmanageable machine; their ranks have been recruited in -immense numbers only to swell the lists of the slaughtered. Up to the present time Grant must be said to have justified, to a great extent, the confidence which has been placed in him; but, looking calmly on the events of the late battles, there does creep over one a notion that he has exhausted his strategical ideas in the formation of his preconceived plan for an advance into Virginia, and that in the actual contest he is acting on the old system of simply sending men by hundreds of thousands to an assault upon a resolute foe calmly awaiting attack on their own well-chosen ground. But whatever fortune may follow this last military hope of the Federala,-if either by his success or his failure he should be the means of bringing this fearful internecine quarrel to such a crisis that the voice of reason arid humanity may be heard in the intervals or at the cessation of the din of battles,-and if by any means, direct or indirect, it should be his fate to be thu cause of bringing this terrible war to a close, his name will hi written indelibly in the pages of his country's history, eve though he should be described as no more than her accidents saviour.
The Federals have fought their way twenty miles into th

enemy's country; and their march towards their next bttl will still further remove them from the base of their operations and the source of their supplies, their way lying through i desolate middle passage, in an exhausted country. Every mci that the Federals have made in advance has been hardly gained and, as far as the main features of the war are concerned, tb strategical situation is unchanged,

In the mean time, what may be called the outlying part

of Grant's plan of an advance on Richmond do not seer to have been more successful than his own ilmediat

toyement. The detached corps moving on the capital o

Virginia are well watched and likely to be intercepted b;

snftlcient Confederate forces; and anything like a triumphs march on the destined city is not to be predicated. Bu supposing that Lee should find it expedient still to fall b.&C and occupy Richmond itself, the war would but enter on a ne and still more dilatory phase. We have almost forgotten th way to reckon how long Charleston has withstood a siege and it is not easy to calculate the period during which th Confederates could make a stand around and within thi capital of their new-born Republic,

In considering the chances of the campaign of this summer and its bearings on the ultimate issue of the contention in volved, it must be remembered that the Federals almos confess to be staking their last General. It is not necessary t repeat the long list of the men to whom in succession the corn snarid of the chief Northern army has been committed, an

bo, one by one, with more or less noise, have what th Americans themselves would call, burst up. At length, as th Yedesalsbclieve,the" comirigmari" has come; and, while plaobm lmplit trust in General Grant to retrieve all the errors and t supply All the incapacity of his predecessors, there is a ta-cl

 si Mi after him there is no one, Largely provided

AMERICA.

The two great auniesof the North and the South, led rec1vdybY Grant and Lee, have at last joined in conflict, and tidings of p-Ion ed slaughter from the seat of war in Virginia arrivby e'1 man. From the hasty and necessarily imperfect accounts whicb have reached us it is not easy to summarise a precise u&raT5 of events.

General Grant took the initiative. The order to cross the Baplks was given by him early on Tuesday, May 3, and was effected disslig the afternoon of that amid the whole of the following day without molestation. Sedgwick commanded the left wing, Hausock the ric'ht, Warren the centre, and Bumnside took the Each °ivision was computed to be about 30,000 stran& Os Thursday morning, May 5, the whole army, with ita suçytrains, which had got safely across the river on Wdnd*y night, moved forward. They bad hardly ot into motion Wh it became known that Lee's army was arwancimi.r upon th. The right wing and centre were in line by eleven o'cloc1e, the left bad turned from its original line of march and was ordered to takes ere road to complete the formation of the line of battle. Meanwb S detachment was pushed forward from the centre to ascertaui L position and strength. They came upon the enemy after adia5th about a mile and a half, and found him iii nnexpe5 force, and were driven hack upon the main body with aevr lops. It was then that General Lee discerned the wesk point in the Federal line, and at once attempted to cut off lIsnco(I, who had not had time to form. To relieve him from time P1 which he was placed, Sedgwick was ordered forward to attack, ad rhe completion of the line of battle was accomplishel by K5ncock under a terrific fire of musketry. The dense underground of country prevented the employment of artillery. The Feders ki about 1000 men that day; but Grant had prevented Lee frc crushing him before he had had time to mass his men aft& tM passage of the Rapidan. On the following day (Friday, May 6) tI$ struggle was resumcd.by an attack made upon the Federal rightwW by the Confederates under the command of General Swell. It W repulsed, and immediately the left was assailed by attack was also repulsed, alter two hours' hard ii lit once more assailed by more formidable nunber8, but a seeC5 time EweU was driven back to his second line. From DOOS five o'clock there was a succession of fierce a5sanlta, but Wft any permanent change in the positions hel batants resuectively. The day was excessi men were eihausted. About half.past five Longstteet, with t5O newly arrived from Orange Courthouse, and B111's corp8 fierce rush upon the Federal left, forced it bao], and threw )t division into confusion. The left centre was comPelled macnt to give -way. There was danger of a break. Hancock ordered Colonel Ca-i-roil's: brigade to form at right ss$ with his own line, and to sweep along the whole front of it aDd

take the nsaailants in flank. The movement was êsnct1t complete success, and the Confederates repulsed with t5PI slaughter. The battle was not yet over. After 8° tb5 Coifederates made e. new amid fiercer attack. It W this against Sedgwick. On his extreme right lay a part of his under General Seymour, and they were at work intrflChU th selves when the enemy fell upon them. The main line but this division of it gave way. Sedgwick's flank was than ten minutes. an Seymour's brigade, panistrickei ded a andaha1fthrougmthewoodtoa lankr&sdint

however, retrieved the honour of hia corps and maifltaln , to MM sitio to the close. The last blow seemed desiglm&l,0

General Grant pushed forward mpuul amid found

Lee's retreat, which ha effected1 in good order, durUi

strongly posted at Spottsylvania Courthot15 O1

and after heavy akirinisbmg on Sunday, May enemy along his whole line on Tuesday, the lock, he taiegraXne with no decisive result. That Lee severely sulfered thera CaD be BO

doubt. Longatreet is severely woun'Ied, Pegrain b Jenkins is hilied. On time other hand, Sedgwiek and W go
