ILLUSTRATIONS OF TUE WAR 0 AMERICA'

CHAflEOTON iLeJlBOtB.

Toni war which baa raged so long end fiercely throughout the States as our readers are aware, iv the bombardment, just two years ago, of Fort Saunter 1  =hour, South Carolina-a blood

so engagement, little indicative at the sees of blood 'loath were and, it is to be feared, still ore to be shod. Pablo attention has been again directed in a special marmot to Charleston on account of the recent dashing attack of Confederate gm-boats an the Federal blockedongeq,caelranog the herbour, aaidbyreason also of the news just renewed that a formidable lend end naval expedition was about to attaok Charleston forthwith. We give, therefore, in this week's Impression a View of the Entrance is Ohacleeten Harbour, from a sketch recently taken inside the harbour 1'T car Special Artist, and forwarded to Esoglacad by coo of the many veeeele which are eontannefly breaking the blockade. We remark, in passing, that some of the ekatohea ef oac, fijsoei Arlotin the southern camp which have from time to time fallen into into the New York illustrated Journals, and the question noredy mi5e

night they not as well have he bonded ever to their owners for publication?

Cisarleeten is built on a low point of land between the Rivers Ashley and Cooper, which unit. immediately below end form a op,acious and convenient harbour communicating with the ocean at solid-ran's Island, about seven miloe from the city. The mom entrance to the harbour is divided by Fort Senator, feuded upon ma artificial iclecad, while on the right bond is Sallivon's Island, 00 the left Iterate Island, and beyond Fort Sumter, midway to the city of Charleston, is cacao ?inokusy. la vessel them going to Fort Suitor would have to ran the gauntlet of a double fire. Fort Smaller is a modern truncated

 =taPnal fort, three mile. and three- i liths from the a f estDn, The well . . . f ..lid brick % c.t. masonry,%~Pit class in the edge of the water. They mwe flit, high, and from Oft, to 12 ft. thick. They are piereed for eo tiers of gsna on the north, east, end weat sides. It is designed for one hundred mod forty piecee of ordnance. Two tiers of the gone am under bombproof oseemaine; the upper tier is open or an bcrbstte. Fort lienitme is distant from Sumter amile end alosif. Itic nothing morethaua large water battery. Its armament is eleven heavy guns end several mortars. Thewalls o.re of brick, sndpresont a solid nose of about 13 ft. CamlOl'csg'o Faint Iron Bedteryiothe nearest orintof land inFort fumter, being only llilyorde distant. The ireccjjatf,yh orartedis made of railroad-iran. Thereof slants towards the ground, so that shots well glance ever it as they strike at an ohtuaa angle. Fort Johnson is a series of batteries nroteated by ssrsdwerke, and arc armed with mortar and eiegc gives. they are one mile and a quarter from Feat 0 omtw. Castle Pinolmey is aituated on the southern extronaitv of Shale's Folly bland, between Hog blond

If Charleston city. Ii is about three cube from Sumtor and is the

north-west. It has two rows of guns, the lower be ca eaoeonaleo, the upper en harbethe. The height of the rampart is loft., and the width alit. The armament is twenty-five gone. Batteries were thrown upon Morris Island at the begiaoang.of the war, commanding the entrance of Charleston Harbour. Steno Feint is on Morris Island, and faces the sea. It consequently commands the entrance in the harbour, There are about oft. of water at low tide at Steno Feint.

 Three particulars of Charleston Harbour are necoooorily exceedingly I

imperfect, and must he taken with much reservation, as they were

gathered at the ontoot of the war, atom which time, of course, the defences named have been greatly strengthened and many others probably added. Touching these points, asyinfo rcuatian osnoerningwhich would have been of deep interolt, oar Artist "incommunicable elf," preserves a Profound. silence, on the plea-ia valid one, doubtlessthat he was onnd in honour not to divulge ocorste entrusted in him in confidence. We must content ourselves, therefore, with some poxtiaulere of the present rendition of the defences of Charleston Harbour from a letter by the Times correspondent at Charleston, who also evidently writes with e, reticent pen:

To eooert that CO,erlrotoo, 10 its present attitude, is i'eprogoatlo weold ebviooaly be a ludloroso felleoy; earn is aces the less tree erce thar at could not lee takoa wiahesa an enormeoe Cony att500seeelmaltocsossly by era asd land, and that the atieele, eves in that ease, would hove to be conducted erich doojoerete valeur before aa cesad to soeeoealol. At the cnaeovco of uio herboor eot Osdetor; -there oghly repaired ted mounting enormous gone en borbcteo, fronts at the blacksisoro, while be oeighbcorlog points, on lIce-rio lelond and fisulroa'e Island, them which the memorable attack upon the fort an the lath Of April, 1000, soon conducted are in possession of the Ioefeorratrs, end ore not likely to puss cut of their head,. Behind Fart Oomlor anew fart, which takes its name from General Ripley, and is built almost entirely of paimotto-woof, eahsc,cou the dtlllealty, to whiob ships are mposcd 10 approaching the lawn. . , . To return to Charleston, although for Obvious reasons I do not feet myself at liberty to eater into details with regard to its fortlOoa. Uses, it may be stated that all that two ol the most accomplished enubeoer Officers of the Co,fcdensoy-Goseeals Lm and Beanearord-could oaggect or device loss hera close is stecoychea the tows, sos its land side.

 federatea Ysuly in the moraine a sigssd.gea was fired opposite the ford,

reminding one of that ether elgoaal-gms fired by them on the atoning Of

Thursday, the 11th of December, when we began laying the pontoon opposite l'endorlrieslsaee, and which was the takes for the concentration of the whole force at that point . It was indispensable that we should secure all the advantages of a surprise, end, though our intention was thus blown to their ears early as Wednesday morning, we were, oorerthelem, forty-eight hoses ahead of them, and, with daresrablo conditions, should have boss able is carry Our Position before they could possibly concentrate.

Accordingly a desperate effort seas made by the commanding General is cot ready the bridges. It was ebrlssss, however, that, even ft completed, it would be impossible for cm, in the condition of the ground, to get. single piece of artillery up the opposite acclivity. It would be neuaary to rely wholly os the loismary-indeed, -wholly on the bayonet. Happily, if the Coafederatoo Should preen to be is strong force, the country is too thlehly wooded is admit of much goooreleldp, and it was hoped that our superior weight of metal would eared' the day.

Ties oameet efiert was put forth to get pontoons enough into position is

construct a bridge or two. Double and triple teems of harem and mules were heraemrd to such pontoon-boat. It was In valo. Long, powerful ropes were then attached to the terms, and lOt men were pot to the toa100s each beat. The effort was hot little more oerrosePol. They would flounder through the mire far a few fist-the gang of Lllipstlaae with their liege-ribbed Gsllsrsr-and then give op breathless. Night arrived, and the Pontoons could not be get sap. The Coodederatte had diacurtoed what we. up, and the psehcte on the opposite bank called over to sure that they "would come over to-morrow and help us boat the bridge,"

 That night the troops again btroaoebsd is the seam position is the woods they had bold the ,,l5bt before. You can imagine it most have been a desperate eopcobonor-aad yet aat. by any mean as bat me might be on pyased. The meu were on the woods, whch afforded them some shelter from the wInd and rob, and gave then a comparatively dry holism to sleep on. Many had brought tIde shelter-tents, and, mulling a flooring of spruce, hoeclook, or ruler bought, and lighting begs camp-sires, they enjoyed thsaesetree aa well so the airoo,stsoaere would permit. On the following morning a whisky notion

provided by the judicious forethought at General Bararidr, was on hand for' morning mw the light airoggliog tbraagh as apasuec oorslop of mist, and dawned opus sesthor day ci elorm and rain. It woo a connote sight preoeatod by tho arm,v so ire reds ever the gruasd, miles in extent, occupied by it, One snight faory tOot mms new gcahglo cataclysm bad o'ertatasso tlse world, nest that be na-er oroead tim the olomeotal wrooho left by another crlaen. An lodsoctibsble ohms at pont000a, scjgf one, suet artillery encumbered the rood doses to the oirar-soppty-waggdtle opsei by the roadado-artIllery "stalled" Is tIes mud-omnuseiliao-trabea mired by the way. Earem and mslm dreppnt dowsc dead, mlsanelod with tbo effort to sasre their loads thowegh the hldcoou mrdi,ms. A lendrod sad fifty flood animate, many ai them hurled is the liqoid much, were moored is ate course of a morsseog'e cur. And rho muddle wee still brIber iorrraaad Icy the bad arrononmsate-or, rother, the flatters to occooto the arrasgomooto that bod booc made. It woo dralgard that Fesnletlo'a cohsmn ahoalt adraomby ooe rood asd Heeossc'e by soother. cut, hp miacats, a portion of the toeops of the loft groscd diriseen doinselsrd isis Olin ooasl eeotgord to the rostro, sad, cotthg is lutweea two dIrlobom of osso of Eocbn-'e carps, throw srerytbisg into coafoobao. Ia cunsoquesea, the u'aoth and roof a hare foe the poet two days tom filinI with airagglore, though very many of thom were tnruloolsry ste-agelere, sad erase eridsafty boeseatly oseklcg to reisis their auglmrats. It eras ssnw no ledger C ,jcncbicu or hew Ia go en; ii wee a syseattos of hoer to gel
To aruert that Claarleetoa, in its prseeal attitude, to teepregeecblo would ebvtoeely be a letdiereuo fallacy; but

it is none the lees true that it could net be taken without an enorsnoaa farce altseldeg aimulleneeaety by sea andland, end that the attack, even te that case, would have to be conducted cattle douparato 'valour before It could be eeeeeeeful. tb the entrance of ttce harbour Part $adater;-tlueraughty repaired and mounting reermOas gmefl en bm'betta, frasornat the bleeteadere, while the neighbouring points, on Morris Island and Salltvao'e Poland, from which the memorable attack upon the fart on the 11th at April, 1801, won conducted are In pnsuwoion al the Confederates, and we not likely to puss out at their hands. Behind Port Ouaelee a new fort, winch takes its name from General Ittidoy, and in built almost entirety of palmetto-wood, inherence the dtfflenity to which ahtpa are exposed is approaching file town. . . To return to Charleston, although for obvious reasons I do not feet myself at liberty to enter into details with eegand to its fnetifeattnoe it may be stated that at that two at the most accomplished eagtAeoe officers of the Confederacy-llce000ls Lee and lleaoeegoed-euntd 0 tlevise has been doce to strengthen the town on its land side. zu =%11 &, before lee was moved to Vte&aia and eeeeeeed ]its present high peelilen wee for eneeae than in command of Charleston, and by bloc the first tine of land defence. was planned and accented, This line has

 growsa and expanded at the Inspiration at General Seueeaguet into a prefect netwerk of earthwork's and awciaabte, reaching ftem the Cooper River on the north to the Ashley River on tlsr roach. It is not likely that m scientific an engineer as General Beanrfgaevl would he tally satisfied with his system of delencee ontil he laid upeot lone or five paneoen peetmttng them. Suffice it to any that, ban inion of competent 5ndgee, they ira sofficleatly strong in defy a force ten times ntranea,", an is aver likely to be keoaght ngaloet them. to addition, to thin, a-eeey aligarqaaiolnam crick the ocuotep to the nelghhaartaeed of Charleston antiefteu the epsebelor how Impassible it is for no luvndteeg army to penetrate snob legoooa cad awampo and foeesla sells between the frequent rlveee which intersect the surface of tanik Cmohlon. I had occasion last seeet to go to l'ecainliga, about half way hotwese (blsarleeton and Savannah tntnstsettttse hnttle-tdf ee which tb t¡edeeule recently enraootertd a very tof6,ier farce, oatf croix by them routed and demon book to their tieiubeets. Retween Poeutahga and Chnelenlno a dozen low-lying swampy clones, nuota as tho Anhepee, the Camhabcee, the Raetk ansI With ltdiaeo, and many more, find their way te the em, nnd olang their banks the fin-famed rice plontatiaoa at Sooth Carolina pvmcet hide glistening, factories surface bathe ear, and oeceeerly afford foothold be -)'thing heavier then a fenheoecd. On the leighevt ridge at land between them rivers the sandy null is covered with a growth of plaevvand, which in evee where fringed with a dense undergrowth at everifecoas nlornbv, Everywhere the beautiful evergreen water oak, which raaeacklea one Engliuk lien, but grows to a for larger aiae, delights the ape, and in covered on every brooch with long weeiwes of pneasitical mom, which =the foawot texas a wriedlihe aspect, as at giants with hairy, ntcvacnhc heardo. it in through each a reentry no tho that an invading nrcsy wont, have to advance to winch Charleston Iron the land Bide.

 As regards the efficiently at the hlotktde which olutehes the tbxatt at Charleston Harbour, the lame correspondent writes as follows:

If the efficiency of a bleshwle be teased by the frequency of the capture of alelpa attemptiog ogress end menus, at in a farm to 000sieear Charleston, Wilmington, Savannah, and Mobil. eSerloolly blockaded, Omneecly a dark night passes hot a vessel goes into or out at one of there poets; and yet it woseld be difficult, an fax an tile member of hlocb.-cdlng-vewela ta ennttrncd, far any nation to institute a more restrictive blockade. The teeth appease to be that if it was difllecdt far any notion to institute an emeie,at blue bendr ha the dupe of sailing-vemmk,-iind how difficult It was the British nation folly " I'

th begins b W U h F "'c-'

in' th , bt

olong ww"t o rag Is u'u "it 'o

file do D a I

"Y' of

bed ._ callier, - as - -I' v_ 'a at t

ty warin lim  lgbt, ve"urar, "n".

~lb me -11 --.it c~lm -or- f7to or creep I.- tr

c, ri~o to a- in as they mueel- !-1 c Ill by

hu"'t m

hire I

li har_ n~~ at I_". I -eshily 11'r 111-od. - -1 led.

rew coli put die. "i L., arm  ~ war,

I-ra __ o we v-1. la, l, - th.  turn ran

I.. -d ont . Rontlcoro her.. some fifty tones, nod In.,. rena-rely load aan abet fiend at thorn.

U81dUCCESRFTIL ATTEMPT TO MOPE THE FEDERAL A.ltltY AtJROIfi TRM RA PPARAIIItOOL

A fruitless attempt macta by the army of the Potetnao to cruel the

Eappahaunock on January last farina the subject of no moateetien by our ,Artiat on pmgo 219. A eoo'reaynadeot of the Mm Toil Titiea aoppliee the following necectot

The night of the 20th of January was o wild Watparglo Ill gict, eneb no Gentian Paints in the "Punch" while the demons held revel in ttso forest of the Bracken. All bayou that it would boa "mere she,,,,, were presently bloated.

It wan rvtdrot We 'erie In foe a eegolor aorth'enetes' sued among the o'noghtnt of lhnt raegh type. Yet woo three tort wnolc d,nr that fnnrfnl might, lion hasadrrt and tlty Pier of aettory wore to ho ylnotod in the peelttoo relented for them by General Rant, inlet of Artillery, a out once energy and ml a high older of prefewceoal icill. Mis Icosteow aloe were demon, ,lnss'n neuter tavoont tin circe l hat it. n-nc drradtnt coork; Cbs' reado under the lsehmwecv of the ron ccciv tocemiag eheekfeg; ovd by dnytigbt Who. the beats donald all have been an due banbe, ready to ohldv dent Into the wester, hot fifteen had been pollen ill-not enough far one bridge acid five were wanted.

110 night ogee'atioos tool net recayed tics ottsatimo of the wnry Con
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the steamer Etna we have telegrams from Now, Yesfr to the morning of the diet It.

wsn "We.

There is nothing new from the army of the Potomac.

The Federal commanders of the vessels blockading Charleston have forwarded a joint refutation of General Beauregard's report that the blockade was raised. They declare that they never quitted the blockading line usually occupied by them, and that no vessel of any description crossed the bar after the Confederate rams returned to Charleston. In reference to the alleged statements of the for sign Consuls and the Commander of the British war steamer Petrel they say:

if the statement from the papers, no now before us, has the aecolioa of thd Commander of the Petrel ance the foreign Console, we can only deplore that foreign egseero can lend their official positions to the spreading before the world for an eewertty object anirstise patentee every officer of the squadron.

General Boaeregard has issued a proclamation stating that there were indications of an early attack on Charleston and Savannah and urging non-combatants to retire. He also appe ala to all ablebodieci Georgians and Carolinians to rush to arena without regard to choice of weapons. Pikes and eeythes, he says, well exterminate their aneaeiss, and spades and shovels protest them firesides.

General Hunter had assumed the command of the forces latelyarrived at Hilton Head from Ileanfort, South Carolina, and Genera Fester had returned to North Carolina.

The Governor of Virginia has addressed a letter to President Lincoln,

 informing him he would unflinchingly retaliate far any improper

treatment of citizens or soldiers of Virginia.

The Federal turreted gun-boat Indiasaula has ran the Viekabarg blockade of the Mioeiseippe in safety,

The entire Federal fleet was in front of Vielmburg with all the

mortar-boats in position for the attack. The Mississippi having overflawed its banks on the Louisiana side, the town of De felt, opposite Visksburg, has been submerged, and it is ex pouted the whole penin-sula will soon be under water.

Another Federal expedition has left New Orleans for Bayou Tsohs. It is denied that the Harriet Lane had escaped from Galveston.

The Confederate General Hendman's army in Ten nausea is old to he demoralised. Three hundred of his troops were frozen to death ha, marching from Van Buren,,in Arkansas.

The Confederate eleanor Orate in blockaded in King eton, .Tamaiea,. by two Federal vessels.

There has been a collision between a negro regiment and a portion of a Maine regiment stationed on Ship Island. The seegrsas are said tohave fired on the Mains regiment, killing six.

wd.eotxrtorner.

The Sonata has refused to pass the bill for ent isting III ,0i0 negroes.

A bill establishing a national system of banking, based on Federal securities, has passed the House of Representatives, and awaits President Lincoln's signature to become law.

The Senate has passed a bill authorising the President, in all

damoslin and foreign ware, to issue letters of marqne. The authority ronfarrad by the Ati is limited to three years. A proposal to grant thee authority fertile suppression of the rebellion only was votsd clown.

The Senate has also passed a Conscription Bill, rendering all citizens end those who have detlared their intention to become citizens, between the ages of twenty and forty-five years, liable to perform military duty when rolled out by the President. Parsons enrolled are subject for two years to be called into service to serve for three years, or daring the war, on the name footing with the present

¥ volunteers, advance pay and bounty included. The President can draught at any time, with ton days' nouns is draughted men. flabstitutes may he furnished, or commutation made. A mohon to exempt

¥ rlerpysren from the conscription was voted down.

The Supreme Court at Washington is engaged in hearing appeals

from the district Courts relating to the capture of vessels condemned. for trying to run the blockade. The appellants are chiefly British

shipawners. ¥ .. ofrneanr,Aroynus.

¥ The Louisiana planters have accepted General Fades's proposaL that negroes who shall return to the plantations end work deerengthe poised of one year shall be compensated by the planters. Negroesrefusing these terms will be employed on public works. The public are exceedingly mistrustful of the Emperor of the French, and believe that on the receipt of Mr. tleward'elast epistle he will recognise the independence of the Confederate Stales. With those preoccupations, the news of the ansurnotion in Poland is welcomed, not because it holds out a prospect of the reconstitution of Polish nationality, but because at threatens in embroil Pronto and divert the Emperor's attention end resources from American and Mexican affairs. ¥ Then ows of the omnneipatiou meeting in Exeter Malt had reached Now York, and had fallen flat an the ear of all except theAbolitionists. The Democratic members of the next Congress have been invited to meat in Now York an the Slh of March. The resolution calling a pence convocation at Louisville, Hentnoky, has been defostod an the Senate of the Illinois Legislators. ¥ The State Convention at Frankfort, Hanintky, at which dslegatesfrom forly-flvs teuntios were present, has been broken up by the melatary authorities, en the ground that the members, though asllmg themselves Domeorats, were Soooesieeists. General Butler had born honoured with a public reception in Baltimore.
ARRIVAL OF ANOTHER 11 RELIEF-SHIP" FROM AMERICA.

Ore the evening of Sunday week the American barqne Achilles, under

the command of Captain Gallagher, arrived in the Heresy from Phila-delphia, with upwards of 6000 barrels of floor for the relief of the

distressed Operatives in Lancashire. The Achilles having been sighted off the port during the afternoon, the steam-tug Phoenix, belongisogto the New Steam-Tog Company (Limited), went eat and met her come distance outside the harbour. The Achilles was at once token in tow and brought into the river, end anchored between the Prince's Lending Stage and Seaosmbe, in exactly the same positron as that occupied by the George Griswold when that vessel anchored in the Mersey. The port pliotage and clock dues in

this, as in the cam of the George Griswold, were remitted and the New Steam-Tug Company towed up the ship free

ohorge. on Monday morning, as soon as it beoerna known that the

Achilles was in the rirer, immense numbers of peeple visited the Prince's Landing Stage end the piece to have a look at the third of the American relief-ships. The Aohsllea was easily distinguished by the English ensign at the fore her house-flag at the main, end the national emblem of the united States at the mien. At high water the Achilles was taken in tow by the Phoenix, end docked in the Waterloo Dock, where she will at once commence to discharge her cargo. There are now three vessels in -Liverpool that have brought relief from the United States to the suffering. poor in Lancashireviz., The Hope, George Griswold, and Achilles.

On Thursday week the Mayor of Liverpool (Mr. II. C. Gardner)

entertained the oaptaine of the relief-ships to a grand banquet in

the Townhall. Amongst the gentlemen present were Sir William Brown, Bert., High Sheriff of Lancashire; the Mayor of Manchester, and Captain Inglefleld EN., C.B. The speeches were chiefly a prseeive of the gratitude felt by Lancashire for the noble denatiene of the people of the Northern States, and hopes were expressed far a speedy termination of the war and the further enlargement of the b=ay amity and good will between the New end Old Worlds.
The Dictator, a steam-boat now building at New York to ply

between that city and Albany next summer, will contain 300 state rooms. She

will be the largest river steam-boat afloat.

The American papers assert that a lady in Syracuse has

been married to a soldier in a fort near Wn.slthegtorn, the two bring 400 imLes

apart, need the vows spoken by telegraph n-' It took two hour to dl the work up complete, need the telegram from the chaplain to the lady, announcing that alto seed the soldier woos mean and, wile, is the brilloo marriage certificate.'
SCIENTIFIC NEWS. A1ICAJ COAi. OIL.-In the Procoodinqs of the Anwica

Phitoooplzicai Society Mr. ijeber It. Clark has given some interesting geological

information respecting some specimens of this oil laid before the society.

Some were of light colour; others thick and black, like tar. The Ede000rg

Continental boning (in Lawrence county, Pennsylvania) was sent down through 80 ft. of socalled drift; then through 200 ft. of sandstones and ehalee, with e layer of black, fetid shale at the bottom, from which the gas blew off violently; then through 45 ft. or 50 ft. of the "drat white sandstone, with gas in its crevices (this sandrock is said to thin out eastward) ; then through 40 ft. or 50 ft. of ehales and slates charged with gas and oil; then through 75 ft. or 8011. of the second white sandstone'-softer, coarser, and harder than the flint, and full of gasto the oil stratum, 448 ft. beneath the surface. The first sandrock has a soft middle member between herd top and bottom members. Mr. Clark gave it as his experience that the harder the rock was to drill the lighter in colour, purer in quality, and smaller in quantity was the oil; the softer the rock, the darker and more¥ abundant the oil. At the A.lbun well, 600 ft. deep, on Oil Creek, six miles above its mouth, Mr. Clark saw the fresh oil spouting 100 ft. in the air a week after it had been struck. At the lldeoburg well, first described, Mr. Clark noticed that for two or three weeks there occurred every day invariably, a few minutes after eight o'clock p.m., a blow of gas violent enough to atop the pump, and lasting from fifteen to thirty minutes, after which the gas seemed to be exhausted. Me thinks that there is more gas blown off in winter than in summer, end that the testimony among the oil-well man is general to that effect.
AIMIPIRIOA.

By the arrival of the steamer City of Washington, we have tole..

rsms from New York to tics evening of the 28th ult.

WAR 5flWB.

The &wannxh Republican says that three steamers arrived at

Oharleaton on the 9th ult. from Nassau. The steamer Douglas ran nit the sane night. Not a shot was died at any of these vessels by die blockading squadron.

General Banks had, been died at by some unknown person in New Drlecos, while passing out of his hotel to his carriage. The bell did set take effect. The affair occurred during the evening, and no traoe ci the assailant could be found. Trouble continues to be experienced it New Orleans concerning the coloured troops. Several white oeers save resigned, and one Brigadier-General has refused to nicrh with the negroes.

The Federal rain Queen of the West, which lately ran the line of Qosriedirate batteries on the Mississippi, has been captured by the Confederates on the Led River, with the aid of a treacherous pilot, who ran the vessel close to a Confederate battery. AU the others and crew except thirteen escaped. She had six guns end a quantity

f stores on board.

¥ Another bombardment of Viokebuig had taken place, without result. The Federals now propose to reduce the place by a regular liege. It as believed that there ie much suffering in Vioksburg, on account of the interruption of the river oonununionbion. Deserters report that the Confederates would be compelled to evaceate the city if relief did not shortly arrive.

WAcimrGTOit.

Our, Cameron has been forced to resign his position as A.ncrican Mistetcr to St. Petersburg.

The Conference Committee has reported, and the House of Repro.

entatives passed, the bill authorising the Secretary of the Treasury to

borrow 280,000,000 dots, for the current year and 600,000,000 clols. for cart year, in bonds payable in not less than an end not more than forty yesci in coin, and bearing six per cent interest annually, payable in coin; also to issue 400,000,000 dols, in three-year six per sent Treasury notes, the interest payable in lawful money; also

o issue 150,000,000 dole, of legal-tender notes, to be uoe

solely for the liquidation of Treasury notes 'when required.

The bill also euthorises a further issue of 110,000,000 dole, legaltender notes in addition to the issue of l00,000,000dols. authocited in January. The rate of taxation of the bank circulation is not settled.

The House of Representatives has passed the Conscription Bill by a vote of lid to 49. A call fortroopa under this Aol is expootly shortly.

1I5OELL&iOZOVS.

The falltn condition of the institution of slavery in the State of Maryland is evidenced by the following circumstance, The appraisers of the slave property of the late Charles Carroll, one of the largest shareholders in Maryland, have made their returns to the Orphans' Court, assessing the value of 130 slaves at an average of only S dole. eaeh. This, they say, was the highest rate they could name after consulting with numerous ela'voholders and dealers. One ala-sodealer told the appraisers he 'would not give 500 dole. for the whole lot.

A collision has taken place between the inhabitants of Honey Valley, on the California and Nevada frontier, concerning a question of boundary, ¥Both parties were fortifying themselves in loghuts, and reserving reenforeeamnts.

A movement has I con inaugurated among the mechanics of New York to prevent the importation of English operatives.

(laid. is 70 per cent premium; silver, at 66.
AJJi1IJUA.

By the arrival of the steamer Jura we have telegrams from New

Tto the Gth i.,t.

o,

WAR NEWS.

A battle took place on the 8th inst., between the Confederates under Van Dora and the Federals under general Cobu.rn, at Bpringville, Tennescee, thirteen miles south of Franklin. The fight lasted all day, and ended in the defeat of the Federals. The Federal forcas conaisted of three regiments of infantry, 500 cavalry, and one bottery of artillery. Nearly all the Federal infantry were out to pieces or captured, but the cavalry and artillery escaped.

¥ The transactions at Vic]raburg are shrouded in mystery.

The Confederates have captured the Federal steamer Indianols. 25 miles below Vioksburg. The rams Webb and Queen of the West attacked her and charged into her until she surrendered. The fight lasted several hours, and the Indianola surrendered in a sinking condition.

The Confederate steamer Nashville ran aground at Fort lvlacalliater,

Savannah end was destroyed by the Federal ironclad.

The report of an attempt to assassinate General Banks at New Orleans is said to have been a canard. General Banks has issued orders that negro troops are to be regarded as equals with the white troops.

wASmmroToN.

Senator Sumner reported to the Senate from the Committee upon

Foreign Relations concurrent resolutions regarding mediation, which

were afterwards passed by both houses of Congress. After referring to the French offer of mediation, the resolutions declare that any idea of mediation or intervention is impracticable, unreasonable, and inadmissible; also that any offer of interference so far encourages rebellion, and tends to prolong the contest; and that Congress will therefore be obliged to regard any further attempt in the same direetion'a an unfriendly act, The resolutions express regret that the foreign Powers have not franklyinforsnedthe Southern chiefs that the work in which they are engaged is hopeless, and that a new Government, with slavery as it corner-stone, and with no other declared object of separate existence, is so hr shocking to civilization and to the moral sense of mankind that it must not expect welcome or recognition in the commonwealth of nations.

The resolutions express an unalterable purpose to prosecute the war Until the rebellion is crushed. The resolutions will be communicatod to foreign Governments.

Beth houses of Congress have passed a bill indemnifying the Proiident for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus; also a bill imposing a tax of two percent upon beak circulation. The duty on paper has been reduced from 50 to 20 per cent.

Congress ha-sing expired at twelve o olocla on the 4th of Mareb, the Senate reassembled in extra Session, pursuant to the proclamation of President Lincoln. Seventeen new members took their seats, of whom nine were returned for the first time. 01 these nine six were Democrats and three Republicans.

roraoExt&xEous.

An excited meeting of the New York Chamber of Commerce has

taken pace. The meeting was called to discuss the burning of the

aoob hell. The president of the chamber intimated that a war with England was a possibility, and one not to be dreaded, England's nentrithty was denounced, and the conduct of England towards American merchants declared to be a disgrace to the age.

A not has occurred at Detroit, Michigan, caused by an attempt of the snob to take from the authorities and lynch a negro charged with assaulting a white girl. The mob failed to capture the negro, but attacked the coloured people miscellaneously. Fifteen persons are said to be killed, and as many houses burned.

121 Consequence of the passage of the Act taxing speculative tran

sactions in geld and silver coin, there has beana sudden fail in the

premium on gold and silver, and the rate of sterling exchange. The Premium on gold was fluctuating between 150 and 155.
The Alabama appears to be successfully pursuing her cruise

for the destruction of Federal merchantmen. The Prenh ship Gil Bins

which has -arrived at Ha-ore, has brought two French Cenmon belonging to the Oiler. June, a Pcderal vetsol bound from Bordeaux to New York, which had been burned an the 21st tilt, by Captain Semmas, together with a very liege ship bound from California to Qneenelimd. The ship Gil Dino parted hoot the Alabeina on the 23rd silt, in latitude 31 deg. Y. and longitude 45 hg. W.; and on the same evening the light of a fire -was seen from the C-il Bias. The maetor of a Dutch ship which has arrived at Ruitr±n han Ifkewiee reported that be had seen two vesseLs on fire, and thu near one of them -woe a steamer answering the drscriptioa of the Alahainu. Oac cit thsa two unlucky vessels, from rome floating books pickosi up by the Ditch captain

appeared to be the Golden Eagle, of New York.
LITRJ1J?URE

ege who are desirous of weighing fairly the merits of the questions in dispute between the contending parties in America, as well as to udge of the exact condition of the contest, are impeded by the iffiouty of getting at any accurate knowledge of what has happened and is going on in the Southern States. Every one interested in the

therefore, eagerly welcomes any contribution to the aught

equaiutimes which we have possessed since the civil war began of the Confederate districts. Thus, a now work just published by Chapman and flail, and entitled Lfs in the South frees the Camnncoment of the War, by a Blockaded British Suiject, has all the an

ponefit of a good introduction, as it purports to ply an obvious waat~

=V meagre accounts and very rongh notes onhings down South,

a be accepted wi6out any regard being paid to special literary flimes in their production; but, in the ease of the book before no, its scoeptance will, we think, be without qualiication. It professes to be a social history of those who took part in the battles of the internecine wax from a personal acquaintance with them in their own homes which, being interpreted out of too literal a sense means that tie author has had good opportunity of seeing and auo'wiag flouthoin men and manners, and becoming acquainted with traits of character and domestic life. The writer seems to desire that the book should be considered as a contribution to the social rather than the political history of the revolution which has taken place; and, as it is the production of a lady, the date. ansnt of such a design is tactical with reference to the frame of mindtobeinduced inthereader whotakes itup. Atthesame Mine, as is very justly observed by the author, it is impossible for even the softer sex not to be something of politicians in America, where the business of committees and conventions is brought home to every household and family; and therefore, while recording what she herself Paw and heard, politics inevitably find a place; and there have been introduced, into the narrative extracts from the public papers of the South, few of which have reached England since the commencement ci the 'war. As regards the treatment of that pert of her subject which touches on the condition of the slaves, the writer claims to have givsn an impartial account of the "domeetco institution" and therefore expresses a fear that sometimes she may incur toe imputation of upholding a system which is repulsive to the opinion of England. All, however, she ventures to do is to correct misrepresentations by statements of faoto; and, without at all depo'eeating the notion, and even indulging the hope, of the ultimate extinction of olavery, she asserts that the most calamitous and. unmerciful infliction that could betel both master and servant would be the sudden emancipation of the slaves of the Southern States. Having thus stated, almost in the author's own words, the scope and object of her work, it may beatatod that she was teinptedto visit Virginia by a professional engagement-that is, sheundsrtockthe duty of instructress to the daughters of the proprietor of an estate in that State, not very distant from Fredericksburg. Although the author gives no Maino an her titlepage, she signs her preface withthe initials 5, L. 3., and in the narrative calls herself Miss tones; and if that be not a corn do guerre, we will venture to say that by her work the has done much to illustrate that somewhat commonplace name. It was shortly after the insurrection at Harper's Ferry, in the autumn of 1869 that the author -went South, her route lying through Ohio, across hs Alleghenies, by Washington, and the River Rappaliannock, now historical, tctheuittletown of Tappahannock, whence, her journey

 ro' r terminating, she was conveyed to Forest IL" the plantation

tre gentleman into whose family she was about to enter. In the

very earliest chapters there axe afforded proofs of the author's capability of catching manners and characteristics as they present them-selves, and the' descriptions of the negro servants, her room and

its furniture, the idiosyncrasies of her upile, the education of young American ladies of the South, domestic habits and discipline, are happy and lifelike. It in only with a shads less of rigour that she sketches the character of the population and the more public and general features of the country. Circumstances having caused Miss rascal we may call her so-to leave Forest Bill, she took up her abode in Richmond whence a now engagement took her to another part of Virginia, boon after the war began; and thenceforward the narrative, though mainly confined to domestic occurrences, in interspersed with matter of which the struggle between the Federals and Confederates is the subject. In the course of these episodes there is an account given of a visit to one of the Confederate camps, and the tan which she received is given literally thus:-" Miss sarah Tones nas permission to visit the camp at Yorktown, 'word. on her honour as a mats not to communicate either by word or writing, anything that may contribute to the enˆangeriuc of the Confederate States or to the aid and comfort of the enemy. T' Except the names and dates, the order was printed, which accounts for the amusing collocation of the words "man" and Miss Sarah. It to not within the province of this notice to go at any length into the details of this work; end it is only intended to indicate generally its nature and its peculiarities. Summing up its merits as briefly as possible, it may be said that it is conceived, with sufficient comprehensiveness, but its chief feature is the power of miniature-painting, so to speak, and the command of illustrating, by minute but pungent examples, the life of the South in all its varieties. There is a-vein of humour, as ospeiaUy to be distinguished from the comic writing of the day, which runs - brough the style end which renders it very agreeable. Sonic, indeed most, of the anecdotes are pointed and interesting, and elucidate the etory which the author has to tell with singular felicity. Ac a 'whole the book in remarkably full of matter, all of which is inforcuatory, much of it amusing, and none of it doll. There are no prosy the

uocotoone, and even when the object into argue and discuss a question one deuce of animated conversation between persons, each speaking for himself, so adopted, and with considerable success. La short, all Who 'wish to travel South-in print--will find Mini Sarah Tones ii most agreeable and a vary, able and well-jul armed companion.

- - TS k. ' L__
STATE RIGHTS AND FEDERAL ASSUM1'TJONi IN AMERICA. Tab, great and fundamental doctrine of State rights in America,

derived originally from the Royal charters by which the several colonies were established by the British Crown, was felt by the fenders of American Inilopeinlenco to he the only possiWe bests upon which their Republican liberty could subsist. An immense territorial empire or monarchy, extending over the greater part of the coutinetit, s pewsiblo, though, undesirable; because its principle is the concentration of power and

authority in the hands of win, strong, skilful, and. able troll.

vlthtal, who becomes the heal and chief of the army, and, by means of the army, governs the hicoplo by exacting nbedi. once to his sttprcttUt will. But. a great territorial republic, as extensive as that of the United States in the time of Washington, if popular liberty were to b assured within its limits, was only possible by the ihecentruhisation and diffusion of power, and by the jealous supremacy of the several sovereign commonwealths, within their original juris.

diction, in all matters of internal liberty. The idea was that the first allegiance of an American was due to the State of which he was a citizen; and so strongly was the idea rooted and enforced, that to this moment no man is or can become a citizen of the ' United States," The native of Massachusetts is a citizen of Massachusetts, and not of the United. States; and the foreigner or immigrant who settles in the country must choose his State, and qualify himself by residence In it, before he can take out letters of naluraliation. It takes five years to make him a. citizen of New York; but he can acquire the privilege in six months in some of the rising States of the West, that are too urgently in want of peoplototihl the land and drive off the marauding Indians to afford to be particular. A. league of commonwealths, each governing itself, but united for purposes of defence againstioreignersand especially against England, who was thought. to be capable of reamiexing her rebellious colonies if they did not adhere closely together to resist her aggression, was the scheme of American liberty and independence that recommended itself to the judgment of the great men of the Washingtonian era, By that scheme each State had it own

constitution, its own legislature, its own executive chief magis. trate, and its own militia; and the Federal or Central Govern. reient-kept within the limits of the Constitution by the Judiciary of the Supreme Court..-had. but a shadow of power, except in its relations to the outer world. Externally the Union was everything-internally it was nothing. So long as this idea was rigidly acted upon, the American Republics, with their nominal arid scarcely felt central government, were free, prosperous, and happy. In proportion to the increase of the number of the States, and the extension of the Union back. wards from the Atlantic seaboard towards the Pacific, ought to

have been the jealousy entertained of any attempt at the cen-tralisation of power. The States, as States, were entirely free. The onlyliberty denied them bytheveluntary compact into which they entered. was the liberty to make war upon each other, or to subvert, or endeavour to subvert, by external agencies, their separate Constitutions. To all other intents and purposes each State was free to shape it laws according to the social wants, necessities, observances, and prejudices of its people. Masse. chusett and New York were free to abolish negro slavery
within their boundaries; South Carolina end Georgia werofree to retain it. At a later period the commonwealths of Indiana and Illinois were free to prevent the ingress or settlement of any coloured people within their lines. In no sense whatever wore those Stales to be considered provinces of an empire or aubdivisione of a unity, such as the English counties and French departments at the present day. In England the law of Itorthoniberland is the law of Devonshire; hot in America the law of Maine is not the law of Pennsylvania, nor the law of Pennsylvania the law of New York or New Jersey. If the Stales had continued to respect in each other their solemnly secured rights, it is highly probable that the whole continent of North America would have been in due time covered with a congeries of free and happy Republics, and that Canada and the British colonies in the north, and Mexico and the Iathmian territories in the south, would have, one by one, asked to form pert of the American Union, and been formally admitted to the enjoyment of the privilege. This would, indeed, have been a noble Government. Had it been perpetuated, negro slavery would have gradually died out, because it would have proved uocprotitable as well as wrong. War would have been at an cud, except against any European Power that assumed the aggressive, which it would net have done against so stupsurlon a resistance as America would have offered. Time principle o self-government would have been triumphantly asserted; and the American commonwealths -would have presented to the world a sublimer spectacle than history has ever yet recorded

 -the spectacle of a free, nutaxed, highly civilised, and pro-gressive people, working out, under the most favourable circnm stances, and with the widest facilities for growth and develop meat, the fortunes of the race, and solving happily the grea problem of the destinies of humanity.

Bet this was not to be. The third generation after Washington misunderstood end perverted the fundamental doctrine of Republican freedom. New men, with new ideas, came upon the scene. The scum, the dregs, the refuse, and the rascality of Europe-everybody who had lost or could not obtain a chance in the Old World-flocked into the New; and, knowing nothing of the delicate machinery by which the slender fabric of the Federal power was upheld, they set to work to destroy it. The civil war now raging shows with what success they laboured. They did net bring into the New World with them any knowledge of the chocks and counter-chocks, the nice balances tad fine adjustments of the most complicated Con. stitletion ever adopted by a civilised people; and they ignorantly interfered with its working, till the machine split with a noise that has startled the world. They were aided by the New England Puritans and Educationilists. whose ideas were mainly derived from European literature at n time when America had no literature of its own; and, as this class looked much more fondly to the realisation of their (beam of being a great and dominant rather than a free and happy people, they strengthened the Federal power whenever they had the opportunity, and weakened the State power, which was the best guarantee of their own liberties. The manufacturing interest in Now England and Pennsylvania, with a view ostensibly to the development of national industry, but really with the design of their own enrichment, agitated the question of a protective tariff, by which they might compel the agricultural people of the South and West to buy native goods at double, and often treble, the price at which a better class of fabrics could have been imported from England. This was one of the first of the many predisposing causes of ¥ disanioo which were introduced and fostered by those who wished to make America one nation instead of n partnership of nations. In due time, after the emancipation by Great Britain of the slaves in the West India Islands, the attempt was made to elevate aegro slavery in America into the dignity and importance of a national instead of a sectional question. For nearly thirty years the question was agitated, but mostly by the European and Pnritanio elements of American societythe cole results being, first to exasperate the Southern States against the hueyboties of the North, who would not .confine themselves to their own business; and, secondly, to strengthen the South in its determination, not only to uphold and maintain, but to justify, the institution. And all this was done in the false assumption that the Union was a nation, and that the Federal Government bad both the right and the power to interfere with the State constitutions whenever it thonght i just and expedient. Questions of free trade and tariff, extension of territory, and the abolition of slavery, were but the different phases assumed from time to time by the one great and paramount question of the Federal against the State authority. The cleerest.htmaded and most i patriotic men of America foresaw the inevitable result, and deprecated the encroachment with all the energy they could

Southern people took the remedy into their own hands by secession, and were willing to forfeit many solid advantages derived from the Union, in order that they might be free from the constant interference of the North with their system of labour. They could not abolish slavery, even if they wished to do so ; for four millions tcf slaves could not be suddenly set free without danger to themselves as well as ruin to their masters; and when they knew that the agitation in the negro's favour was got up in Massachusetts and other New England States, in the midst of communities that treated the negro as a social pariah, they hurled against the North the imputation of hypocrisy as well as illegality, and declined to have further partnership with it.

The North has misunderstood liberty and the principles of its own Government through the whole course of these unhappy disputes and the horrible war that has grown out of them. It was itself free from the guilt of slavery, and that ought to have been enough. Attempting coercion by the sword, it has attempted what was beyond its right and its province, and has suffered accordingly. Those who take to the sword perish by the sword. And, under the operation of socalled military necessities,, it has lost its own liberties without doing the smallest particle of good to the black men whom it attempted to free, or removing a single obstacle that blocks the way to universal emancipation.

Twenty millions of white Northern men exist under a Despotism; and four millions of black Southern men remain just what and where they were before the war commenced. And all this has happened, because the Northern Americans wanted to be a nation when they were not a nation; and attacked that principle of State sovereignty and local selfgovernment which was the only possible basis on which their Republican form of government could subsist. But they were a proud people, and needed to be taught a lesson of humility. They are receiving it at this moment, and all the world looks on with sympathy and wonder.
just and expedient Questions of free trade and tariff, extension of territory, and the abolition of slavery, were but the different phases assumed from time to time by the one great and paramount question of the Federal against the State authority. The oleareat-l1aded and most patriotic men of America foresaw the inevitable result, and deprecated the encroachment with all the energy they could command. As the North increased in population more rapidly than the South, in consequence of the influx not only of igaorant but of unprincipled and reckless foreigners from Europa, and the South held out the more tenaciously to State rights the more vehemently they were attacked, the conviction forced itself upon the minds of all its leading men that the disruption of the Union was only a question of time. They did not wish to expedite it; nor, could they have ruled the country on the doctrine of State Bights, as enforced by the decisions of the Supreme Court, would they ever have thought of breaking up the nominal Union, under which all the States had so marvelously prospered. But they were too constantly goaded on the slavery question, and too constantly taxed in all articles of foreign produce by the operation of a protectional tariff, exclusively beneficial to Northern manufacturers, to be otherwise than dissatisfied with the partnership to which they seemed to be doomed. The North refused to take warning. Strong in theory, it despised fact. It required 'justice to the negro, even though the white race should be reined, and the black along with it. Ultimately, as all the world knows, the
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the steamers City of Now York and ElbDrnian we have received telegrams from. New York to the evening of the 14th inst.

WAR Nfls.

From the army on the Rappahanneck thero is ro'.hing to report beyond a successful cavalry raid on the part of the Confederates' into Fairfax Courthouse, resulting in the capture of BrigadierGeneral Stoughton, with his head. quarters, guerci, end fifty-five horses.

No attack on Charleston had yet been made; but General Hunter had issued preliminary orders, showing that an attack would soon. commence. General Beaure-ard, in anticipation thor eof, has revoked all furloughs and recalled all absentees to Charleston.

Partly in order to test the invulnerability of the Federal iron3lads, they bombarded Fort MIA meter, in the Ogeoehce River, for twenty hours. They were Struck several times, but not injured. They could net get near enough to the fort to dismantle it on account of the obstructions in the river.

Federal gun-boats have parsed through the channel out by the army' from the Mississippi into Lake Providence, in the northern parish oil

Louisiana. They have done considerable damage on its banks.

Mr. Slidell'e property has been confiscated at New Orleans.

It is reports d from Memphis that the Federal expedition up the, Three has captured Yaeeo city and all the Confederate transports above it.

Immense numbers of the Federal troops are sick at 'Viekeburg.

President Lincoln has issued a proclamation declaring that absent soldiers who return to their commands before the let of April will be rciretatcd; but that these who do not do so will be arrested and treated as deserters. He warns the people against enticing soldiers to desert, and calls upon them to assist in preventing dooortion..

The British steamer Peterhoff, from London, for the Mexican port of Motemoras, was captured of St. Thomas by a vessel of Admiral Wkkes's squadron and sent into Key West for adjudication. She was heavily laden with boots, blankets, &o., for the Confederate Government.

TIM CONTEDBRAM STATES.

Richmond des patches speak discouragingly of the prospect -of supplies of feed, end say that the impressment of Fain by the (devonmont discourage s production. The New York journals assert that geld at Racbm end is at 350 per cent premium.

The Mobile papers state that the Confederates have much trouble with the Union men in Northern Alabama. One county is said to be fell of them, end many deserters are joining them.

M1501cntAocEous.

The Senate has confirmed the appointment of Mr. Cassius li Clay as Minister to Russia. His confirmation was specially pressed by Mr. Seward end the President.

The Senate adjourned on the 14th.

Senator Sumner, the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committoe,

strongly urged the President not to issue letters of marque. On the

ether naiad, the committee of the New York Chamber of Commerce have had an interview with President Lincoln, urging him to issue them forthwith.

The election in New Hampshire is rather favourable to the Republicans. Two Republican and one Democratic member have been elected to Congress. There were three candidates for Governor, and. none chinned an absolute majority. The Republican candidate will be chosen by the Legislature,

The British steamer Queen of the Wave has run ashore at Charleston. The Federal Admiral Dupont was making offorts to save her.

The Federal debt, up to March 1, 1803, is set down at 808,000,000 dole.

Secretary Chase is in New York, endeavouring to raise 100,000,000 dole., one half in twentyyear bonds and the other half \ in short bends, It was reported in Wail-street that he had received
am offer from Europe for 100,000,000 dole. six per cent bonds at a higher 1]giire than lair. Gold was at 58 premium.

JTAai. A. collision between the military and the citizens if Utah has talcen

9lace. Congress having passed a law to put down uolygamy, the

overnor of Utah and his associate justices ordered to military to arrest prighom Young and Councillors Kimball and Wells. The

irene armed, but were not able to prevent the arrest of their high priest. Be was released on githg bonds to appear for trial.
flTPERIAL FA1?Z1AJlBt

-  HOUSE OF LORDS.-MONDAY

OF TIM SOtTItEtOX grsros.-L..1 ottotta n to the rttieotteo of oohnowlodgtoff the foatti000 CootadOettYt on

vttoltglv ods-ocotrit the joothee mdt.ttteapeitt000l'rf mw adoptutgthttPthlOY t

tail lotervit. led he wan 0000 overyhody to this mactoy "Old he tt tottiÛtio that I ire )tojeoty'e Goverot000t ohrotd inlorfern for the porpmG

to ft cog an end to the itecolattiog civil war to Aroortat It they could do so, suit tire cliv hot he felt 1re oaodtd that at the justly peoooilt moment 007 such 0_eli

oil tattle fart ottolit he peoototttoe of to advantage ant sootht be attended with vii 7 unfortunate eronter. if they eat to offer their meili00000 to the Goven moot of too totted State that offer orootit be untreottataogU declined,

And world Create in the oatode of the People of that country a considerable lOOt Out of Irritation; and if they 00000 formally to ootogntoO the Southern heater Ott hat net would he josihy regarded no too of a very unfriendly chit

tottit toworilo a Government o-tthi orhtth tithe country had hitherto preserved omtcohtr tvhotiooe. Our duty ttirveforo was to motototo under ox!Ottotf ehroeoototero,oarperfretiy norirotoretttonlOhattrtO mtght be o00eenvOeb00

that Ito spirit of the Smith woo ooroaprrothto nod that tho dt0005tftlt of tile American 1101011 trot hoot and itteoteabhe,-No further dtoo000tott ousted.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-MONDfl.

t™riionotwi

Point root-otto, In reply to a qorsttra from Mo. Soymene ittegoratit, stated that her Mojtotyo Coveriioooot c-tee fovooorhht to tile prtnoitaht of the Convortt9n frirrrrrd by Porrtdeot till in for ttoe otjootmoot of comptahotto of the rmhtlon of noirteot rights. Pot two Govotemooto dttfeted in patuto of netoil, tilt lie was not without hot;. that they might yIt be able to 011100 at

osdeoafooeurg on the rehjeet. On N 1W
neigbbouebood of Pert Hudson. We have as yet received only the Confederate aceounte. Aecording to them the bombardment of Port Hudson commenced at two o'clock on the 14th nit. At tw.clvo o'clock

U,, the Federals uttempted to pus the batteries rulaor cover of the iness. Coo gun-beat peeeed in e damaged condition. The Federal sleep-of-war Mississippi was burnt to the water's edge in facet of the batteries. Ono large vessel Was completely riddled, a third badly erippled, and the met driven back. Thirty-six of the crew of the Mississippi were captured. Admiral Ferragute flag-ship went down the river disabled.

On U's Yaece River the Federal gun-boats captured twenty-sir gunbeets, destroying eighteen of them.

The works on the Vcckebeerg Canal had come to nought. The ldiesieoippi broke through the lovie end filled the trench with water and Tub all, thus rendering it useless.

The inunudodiene in Mississippi and Louisiana caused by the cutting of the levdeo at Yaece Pass and Lake Providence covered a great extent of country. In Louisiana a region covering goon square miles bus been converted into a lake,

The Confederates have fortified the approaches to Galveston, Texas

with the gene captured from the Federal steamers Harriet Lane au & Westfield. .Three batteries are erected on the island where the city is planted, and Pelican Island is fortified with equal strength, The Federal fleet off Galveston consists of the steam-frigate Brooklyn and fever gunbeats. The fleet approaches to within a mile and a half of the town, where the vessels anchor and occasionally throw shells into the town and forte; but they cannot being their broadsides to bear, and have to operate exclusively with their rifled pivot-guns. The Brooklyn's fire set the town in flames at three different places, but the danger was soon subdued. The Brooklyn was compelled to withdraw as the forte began to send shot from their 15-inch rifled gone, one of which cut the rigging. The Harriet Lane is up the river some seventy miles, where she is being iron-clad.

 ¥ me steamers Britannia, Gertrude, and llavelerk have arrived jafoly at Confederate ports. -

Pceeident Idncoln has definitively refused to authorise the Sieves of letters of ncarqne.

iuecicntsieooue.

The Legislature of Now Jersey has passed a series of peace nose-lotions by a vote in the Aeeembly of IS against lb These resolutions protest against war waged fee unconstitutional or partisan purposes, or fertha subjugation of States with aview to their reduction to a territeniol condition; against the domination of military law ever civil law in States net in insurrection; against arbitrary srrS and the suspension of the flabeas Corpus Act; against the admission of Western Virginia- ...against the emancipation proclamation and the expenditure of pu'hlio money for the benefit of the negrcraee. The legislature believes that the appointment of Federal commissioners to meet commissioners from the insurgent States to consider if an

RIan may be adopted, consistent with the honour and dignity of tUe ational Government, by which the present civil war may be brought to a dose, is not inconsistent with the honour and dignity of the Federal Government, but,, as an indication of the spirit which animatell the adhering States would, en any event, tend to strengthen America in the opinion of other nations. The resolutions will be forwarded to the Federal Government and to the Governors and Legislatures of the other Slates, requesting them to give the sulgsot immediate attention.

Mr. flawsrd has given a State dinner to the Bioytian Minister at Washington, at which the British, Bossisae, French, and Frosuian Ministers were present.

Mr. Cyrus Field has addressed a large meeting at the Now York Produce and Stock lirehango upon the subject of the Atlantic cable. Resolutions declaring confidence in the sncoosu of the undertaking, and agcpeinling committees to raise the remaining capital necessary, were unanimously passed.

It is reported that the rumour of a foreign loan of 100,000, 000 dollars

having been offered to the IS  of the Treasury waa not true.

A preliminary mooting of Pelce has been held in New York, anti

an addeeso to the National Central Committee of Poland drawn up. Acommittee was also appointed to arrange for a grand deruonoiratlen in the Cooper institute.

cALrFosuer.A.

On the ]bill ult. the mat schooner ChaRman, when leaving San

Francisco far Mexico, was bearded by the Government officials and

taken in charge as a privateer. About twenty Secessionists were captured on board, well armed, and six brass Dahigren gone with carriages suitable for use on chips. The primers confess that a full esmplement if men were to be taken abecrd at a rendezvous down the coast.

CANADA.

Delegations from the merchants of Oowsgo, Now York, and Toledo,

Ohio, have bed two interviews with the Canadian Government to

procure a modification of the rate of tolls on the Wclland Canal.

The result of the interviews is not known.  -

-' , ¥1 stlJ_  st
ICE BUDGE AT N1AOAIIS.-1"Or the third time in the history

of remade the Itiognen River at Its junction with lame Ontario trio been brhtgcd with ire. The fleet occasion was before the woe of 1812; till eecsrni in the spring of 1841. in this letter Instance the river, with the exception of very rare end insignificant spots, was brbigni over from its month to within & .short (Science of the Foils, and at the wharf at Niagara the boelsioro of ice seers pneheei on the top of each other to the height of forty or f1 My foot, eontpletriy shutting out the view of the oppeelts shore. The titled bridging of tire river eommrerwi no two o'clock on Monday aftornoan, Felt, if, and at fear o'eleoh ounce percent eroescri. On Tuesday morcdog 0 imrty of orveotron or rlelttcett, bid! of wheetrorrr hellos, none over from Yotisigalown to Niagara. The riven to bridged with ice from its menus upwards fern distance of 01)-t two nollw and o Irnif. The sight to reported so bring son of ooepa.'sisg beauty and geondeor, and -Al worth a journey to see. The oaom of the "jam" Ic a peevaleooo of south winds for 0 fall- slays, and tl,eo n sudden change to the north-the first forcing the Ice tics-a the Upper Lakes into the river, n-hick to presented by the north -diode fruta polling into Lake Ontario.-&. flnllnc'iar's ,feornuf,

Admiral Porter, commander of the Federal Upper Mississippi

rqeodroo, describes a singular trick be recently played the Ooofeincatee. Writing too friend to Now York, lie seyn c--i' Dense the tlmo of the running the blockade by the Queen of the West aid the Iodiaeoin, five of the gum in the forts at Victobooeg burst nod were dlomomnter.l; therefore it was on object to make the enemy teem teach no pwsihie, Finding tint they could pot. he pnevotod to five soilimoet mc object, I thought of getting op an imnitotion Montl or, Eric-twin nnvett the country

conntry with an Iron one-why enrdd I trot rave it with a wooden one? Art eli coal bveyo, picked tip lit the river, woe the fillomdattoo to build mt. It woo bout of At beach

in twelve beers, cull pork boovols oil lire lop of each ether for smokecloaks, m,i two rid ro,tew for quarter-bcotcl her soreness -re Unlit of osed, rued only hit-led to mote black cnsebo end tlet closes. Widtout ketowiog that Dun- seas in iwril, Clot iowe one ifomttdor. When it was droeniwi by the light of the morn, ,me,rr mild the hatlorleo of Viekelturg open with such a din; 11,0 cacti, Will- trembled, said the altot Cow Ihisle aronted the dcontcd Monitor. L'mtt the ran ref sly inset oil the batteries, though under lire for an boor, ned drilled down in the lower mouth of the canal, else woe a mock better-inching vcnccl limit this fedlonolo, When it was beesi daylight they opened on her oeoln with all the guns they could bring to hens, without a that hitting her to do arty harm, breottoc they did net Wake her settle is the water, thengb going in at one stoe and out at another. She was already foil of metro-. The mttli025 of cite Amy Altsntcd and laughed like ma-i,'
ILLUSTRATIONS O' THE WAR fl AMERICA,

Eowzvae difficult; the North has found it to make any decided impression upon th territory or spirit of the seceded Slates of America, it has succeeded, with its great resources, in isolating the South from all but the sympathy of Europe. PTom This we, in common with many others, have suffered not a little. The gentleman who has for some time past acted as our Speosel Artist and Correspondent in the Southern ttatee of America gals the greatest difficulty in sending us the to of his labonra. Our readeri will no doubt remember that a shoot while back an English officer was arrested while running

the blockade, and that the possession of oorrespondeuce addressed to us as held, amongst other causes, sufficient to warrant his detention and imprisonment. Upon that occasion the sketches found in his possession wereforwarded not to us, but to the managers of Harp8r'a Weekly, in New York, in the columns of which paper they in due time appeared,with anarve acknowledgment that they were from the pencil of Mr. Vizetelly.

But the large proportion of the Sketches intercepted on their way from the South are doomed never to see the light of day. "What," asks our Oorrespondenf in the last letter received from bloc, "has become of aokeon'e head-quarters, Lee's head-quarters, Stuart's

head-quarters, encampment of the Confederates on the Shenaudcal, view of Winchester, and many others? Where are all my letters from the Rappahannook and Richmond, one only of which is inserted, and which has been quoted in all the Southern papers?" Onoreaders may learn from the above that the long intervals which frequently elapse between our news and engravings of the progress of the war in the Southern States of America e.rlee from no lack of spirit or industry on the part of our Special Artist, but from the impenetrability of the cordon which the North has succeeded in drawing around the seceded provinces. In reference to this subject-the difficulty, namely, of holding postal communication with England-Mr.
Vizetelly mentions the fact that the Times' correspondent in said to

pay 100 dol', in gold to every messenger who attempts to run the blockade with his letters from the Southern camp to Baltimore, and that they are frequently lost by his emissaries being captured on the rot..

At the date of our Correspondent's letter (Feb. 2), Charleston was preparing itself for greater efforts on the part of its enemy than have yet been made against it. "This morning," he writes, "the Ironaides, the largest of the Yankee armour-vessels, has appeared off here others are reported on their way; and we hear that a last effort

to be made to capture Charleston, the head and front of Secession.

All the women and children are prsperin_g to move, and, should the

attack be made, lam convinced that the Federals will be beaten off."

Two of our Engravings illustrate the threatened fortifications,

harbour, and town of Charleston. Both are token from the same spot-viz., from Fort Johnson, but one is taken from a point looking seaward, the other up the harbour. When the Confederates bombarded Fort Sumter at the commencement of the wax, Forte Johnson and Moultrie were the points from which they made the attack. "Now all these batteries combined, and many others that have been added iave been improved and strengthened to such an extent that it seems," writes Mr. Vizelelly, "impossible that anything can enter

the harbour." "Ihave not," he adds, "drawn all the defences, because I am bound in honour not to divulge them. They well, however, be discovered by the Federal ships whenever they attempt to force a passage."

Our thirdEngraringilluetratee one of themost gallant andeourageeres

deeds of the Southern navy. "For months," writes Mr. Vizetelly,

"the people of Charleston have been busily engaged constructing two iron-clad gun-boats on the earns plan as the old Memimaz, and within the laot few weeke they were completed, and only waited an opportunity to measure their strength with the enemy's fleet blockading the port. This opportunity was given thorn on tho 30th of January.
It was o etill, cohn night; there woe not even a groond-eweli en the bar, and everything oppeorefi favourable for the daring attempt Hearing it woe mm ore lngrohnm's hrtontion to move oat, I made arrangements to accompany thin squadron of two TOeeolo that wee going to engage the Soot of thirteen ships of war, that was reported to he off Fort Sumter at oundown. The tide did, not servo to orooe the bar until four am. on the 31st, end from eleven o'clock at night when they got under way till half-poet three the irneolado scorned solemnly about in the misty moonlight, welting that hear which was fated to ho the bet of many of the foe. At loogth the lead gave water enough to ones the bar, end grandly end silently the Palmetto State and the tjhieera advanced into the gloom beyond. In thirty minutes from the time of creasing the bar the Palmetto State came open the trot of the bleelcodors, the Meroedito, of ii guns, looming large and undefined upon the unruffled eon. Pointed a lead eobonr, the Confederate could hardly be Peon at a greater distance than a hundred lards ; end it was not till they were oboe upon each other that the watch on beard the Federal ship boiled the stranger. In another minute the prow of the palmetto State was horsed deep in the Merccdita'e timbers, and at the same moment the heavy 7 rifled gun mounted forward on the decreer woo teed right into the ehaOtored ahoy, and ore the smoke had blown away she careened over end commenced settling. A Lieutenant and boat's crew put at in confusion from the oinlrirg Teasel, end bogged of Commodore Ingrohom to cause firing, tolling him that the water was already op in the berth-dock, and that they surrendered. The Commodore then hauled off, unable to take any of the Federolo on his own ship, there only being room for his crew to fight the guns; so, paroling those alongside born, he doorrod them to make every exertion in rave the elaip'e company in the boots. It is fenced, however, they all perished, on the Ideroedito suddenly doe

appear ad. in r he meantime, the Chicorn stood well out and encoun-tered three of the blorkodorn together. She engaged the one nearest

to her and cot her on lire. She also disappeared suddenly in the gloom, and, it do believed, went down. Another then attracted her attention, and after o half-dozen shots from a heavy rifled gar. at ,class quarters, a large escapement of steam. was perceived, the lirebell rung on beard of her, and she hauled dawn bar nolooro, thonh, an the meet cowardly meaner, she afterwards escaped in the confusion with one wheel alone turning, and almost on her boom-ondo. All the blocked ore bed by this time got a full hood of steam on thom, and

they mode off at speed to the south-east, leaving the two little iron-dada masters of the field, the latter rending shot and shell after thorn

so long as they were within range. At daylight not a Federal vessel

was in eight, on dye only of them appeared in the evening after the Palmetto State end Cbiooro had roerosood the bar. The armament of both these gun-boots or two broadside, 8-in. smoothbores, one on each aide, and a pivot, 7-in. rifle at the bow arid at=, made to work aloe out of the starboard and port ports fore and aft."
AIITILL.ERY AND IIIUSKETRY.-General Rosencranz, 011 his

report of tOw battle of Mterfroenbora', mttenate8 that out of 20,000 otmnon.ohotg deed by the ltmlerale, 728 bit the enemy; and that, not of 1,000,000 oawticeb011018,] 8,032 told. The remIt of this valoatteo to that it oeqofeell 27 aatit0000eheto no 115 mealoet-balls to hit note man. E -h ball teeighuotgono moan nuncio, lob, of metal woold to omit to kill a tonic with renelootry; and with arolior1,

I lIt lb. of metal would be 00000teod toe the name pin'poae l the, fenton he,ioq' no the proportion of 2 to 4 ooledtne to the wenodod, II lb. of bothi, or 020 tiE oil iron, would to eaepiepmi in hitting toe man.
On the Friday evening on whiohtho Hsuoo adjourned for the Poster rocosa there was placed onthe paper no much notice of business as would have legitimately occupied a fortnight; but as it is impossible

to get schoolboys to irons lessons the day before their holidays com-mence, so with members; they fatter and fidget, and show no dispo

sition to assemble in numbers or to sit late, Nevertheless, Mr. W. B. Ferstso did contrive to elicit a smao'tish debate on the subject of the Alabama, Confederate ship of war, and her doings, which are ss'ppossd to infringe great prinoiplos of international law. Careful, moderate in expression, but dsoidod in opinion, Mr. Forslsr made exactly the sort of speech which the occasion required. His tactical made of dealing with the question was fully jestiOod by the tanehiuses of the Opposition, who seized every opportunity of showing which way their sympathy lay; and, bsinp present at the time in larger numbers then these who espoused Mr. Fooster's views, if he had goaded them to it, they might have got up a demonstration in the flosses of Commons the very opposite to that which he desired to create. Unquestionably Mr. Bright felt something of this when, in replying to the octets end masterly-put arguments of the SolicitorGeneral, hsbssrot through the toammols of a fearful eolsl, which almost deprived him of his voice, end uttered an appeal, half plaintive, hail passionate, to Lord Palmerston, in use his acknowledged snfi,seaoo to prevent its going forth that the majority of the Hones sympathised. rather with the Confederate then with the Federal canoe. It sounded like a wail of despair when he implorodthe avoidance of such an iseno to a debate which was intended to be, if anything, s pronouncement in favour of individual 00 well so national-abotinsncs I rein assistance to the South, with a rossrvaticn in favour of all sosie of aid and comfort to the M. At leo4 so Mr. Laird put it; aos4 wont to', afatiatirally, to prove it in his carionoly damaging spoosh What was distinctly proved is, that to tise British tra4er the tons way to osory out the doctrsoe of nmtrality is to ozeept dsostomsre front all markets. Did not the Ksn in the Caps wars shoot the British soldiers with excellent muskets from Birmingham P

Arizona, which has become one of the United States, is 80,00:)

oqeare cones in "tent , and woe purchased from Mexico for 00,000,000 del,.

It is coollgeooa to the Mexican Other, of Chihoaloca a,oO Ooaoco. The Yes

)Wk Ts-ft,,, date. that the snso,soo,O schemes of its wrmco, in Mexico had the recci of accelerating the o,f mioo',on of Axloeoa into the Union.
AMERICA.  I

By the arrival of the steamers Blinbuag end Norwegian we have 0 telegrams from New York to the evening of the 27th nIt. WAR SnOws,

There in nothing- new from the Rappaitannook, except the rumour I that General Lee -intends falling back upon Richmond,

From Pert Royal it is reported that a -fleet, of seven ironolede left I that place on the 22nd nit. Their supposed destination is Charleston.

The negro expedition from Fort Royal to Florida had oaptnred JOokoonvi]le, in that State, alter routing a body of Confederate cavalry.

The tenth concerning the engagement at Port Hudson establishes itself' l.ut slowly. It is 'admitted on both sides that the Federal

tie., MiEsissippi was lost and that two ateamors passed the

"

let These wcre the iiarZrd, Admiral Farragut's flagship,

and Monorigebols, which have arri,vod safely at Viokeborg. General Banks fe.iloirto make a land attack, and fell back upon his fortified camp. Northern accounts state that Admiral Farragot'

voeeele reobptuxcd the steamer Indianela without resistance. The

Hartford anchored off Natohea on the 16th, and the Admiral informed I the authorities that if the Federal vessels were fired upon he would -

bombard the city. Admiral Ferragat left the following morning.

The water hat been let into the canal at Lake Providence. The I

aperture is 20 it. wide, and is still widening. The water in pouring

in with: great force, and the greater part of the town of Lake I

Providence was submerged.

At Viokaburg the Confederates are said to be living almost brolu

aicoly on -corn meal; The moor in falling, and the fears entertained of on ovorfiow of the Federal camping-ground have subsided. A I ooolberge, with 1000 bushels of coal had been floated past Viake-

 berg batteries for the use of Forragut 5 vessels.

The Mvipkis Bulletin asserts that three of Admiral Porter's gunboats have reached torso River through Sunflower River end arrived at Greenwood. The Federals at Greenwood had abandoned the attempt to pass Foot Pemberton, at the junction of the Yallaboebo and Tallahatrhio Rivers, and were returning to tome Pass. It is eup;oacd that Admiral Porter's arrival would stimulate them to

renew the attack.

The iou ateer Florida coaled at Borbadoos on the 23rd alt., and her captain dined with the Governor. Admiral Wilkes subsequently

rsiocsd on invitation to dine with the Governor.

The steamer Aries end another vessel were at St. Thomas on the lOlh inst., Admiral Wilkes threatened to seize those vessels if they left port, on the charge that they were bloekaderannere. The captain of the Sites applied to the British steamer Phaeton for protection, which was granted. The Vanderbilt then sailed out of port, and the ether veseal was conveyed out by the Phaeton.

The British steamer Georgians has been driven ashore on Long Island, South Carolina, in an attempt to ran the blockade of Charleston. She had a large cargo of dry goods, medicines, and artillery, valued at 1,000,000 dole. She was eauttlsd by the captain to prevent her capture, and was afterwards shelled and destroyed by the Federals. The British steamer Nicholas has been captured while endeavourhig to run the blockade at Wilmington, North Carolina. She previously made an effort to enter Charleston. The British steamer Peterhog bound for the Mexican pert of Matemoros, and captured by Admiral Wilkee, has been taken from Key West to New York for adjudication,

-  wxorxnöc vmnnora.

The new State Constitution of Western Virginia has been ratified

by the vote of the people. The Constitution provides that the children of slaves born after July next shall be free. All slaves under ten years of age shell be free when they reach twenty-one years. All alone ever ten and under twenty-one shall be free at twenty-five years of age. No fugitive slaves will be permitted to come into the State to settle there. These previsions are, in point of 'that, only applicable to about l0;000 slaves.

sneoar.irnro'ue.

The New Jersey Assembly, by a vote of 33 to 10 has passed an Act for the imprisonment and transportation of every tree negro-who shall hereafter come into the State and remain ten days.

Majer-Gsneral Edwin V. Sumner died at Syracuse New York, on

the 21st nit. He was one of the oldest Generals in tie army, having

been in the service over forty-three years. His last words were,

'God says my country, the United States of America','

A committee for the relief of the distress of the poor in the North

and West of Ireland has been formed in New York, and has collected

alcsedy a sum of several thousand dollars.

Considerable movements and many strikes are taking place among

the working men of New York for higher wages. A large meeting

has been held end resolutions passed to organise a league of all trades

or the better security of the rights of labour. The speakers com

plained of the rise of the prices of food, clothing, and, rent, and declared their intention to resist the encroachments of oapatal.

It is reported that Secretary Chase will not put a loan on the market for some time, The Government in said to be receiving daily, from different sources, nearly 2i- million dollars, which amount covers the daily expenses of the war. The sale of Five-dollar Twenty-oent Bonds continues to increase; and the demand for these bonds, on foreign account, is stated to be largo. Gold continues to fall. It is now at 4lpremium.

OALII'OBNtL.

It was believed the project to establish a British line of steamers

between California and Chine would be abandoned.
Her Majesty s Government, judging from the papers submitted

it them that the esiasrs of the British steamer Petsrhsll by a Federal cruiser Was tlfl)sletldable, have intimated that Lent Lyons will be instructed to press far the immediate release of the ship, and also far compensation, If no legal ground of Capture can be alleged by the Government of Washington.

A swell, wood-built screw-steamer, believed to have been

teiradsd for the Cesfrdreatc vcrvlrs,.has been seized at Lirerpael by order of

the Government. She lean built for Merars F=-r, flaelaolm and Cs -
ILLUSTRATION OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

£TIItIVAL 0)? A FLAG OF TRUCE ON CONFEDERATE TERMORY.

Gun Engraving represents one of the many ouroue and. interesting

epieodee of the Civil War in America-tho arrival of a steamer with a fag of trace in Diode's Land. Happily, it is of a lIg1ter and. less tragis character than the majority of the illustrations which have appeared in our columns. The some of the inoidot which we have illustrated is the village of Modioonville, lying upon a little river bearing the Indian name of Cbofunctoe, on the northern shore of Portchartrain: This toast romaine in the undisputed possession of the Confederates, while the Pederals occupy the southern side. The siNam-boat,. one of the bighpresouro kind so commonly in use on the Mississippi, and connectccl in our minds with thcughth.of boiler explosions and tnag impalemeots, has just landed a crow, of women and children, "egiwtered enemies" of the United Status, and who have been osnvyed at their own request to the rebels-their husbands, friends, and. relatives.
