- --  ANERICA.

By the Bibemian we have telegrams from New York to the 9th instant,

B3LLE1eT OPEftATtO.

Another great battle had been fought in front of Richmond, in

which the Confederates obtained a momentary success, to he succeeded by another repulse. On Saturday, the Mat ult., after a terrific thunderstorm, the Confederates made an attack on General Casey's division, which was driven from the field, with the loss of his guns, baggageweggons, and military stores. Other divisions of the Federal army arrived and drove back the enemy at the point of the bayonet. The next morning (Sunday) the Confederates attempted to renuw the conflict, but were everywhere repulsed. General Casey's position was not only regained, but a further advance made. Among the prisoners taken by the Federals were General Pettigrew and Colonel Losing. During the engagement Professor Lowe, in his balloon, was hovering above the scene and communicating information by telegraph over the wires as to the movements of the Con
fcderates. The reports of the Federal loss vary from 8800 to 7000i General Joseph Jobnetone is reported to have been seriously wounded, le aving the command of the Confederates to General Gustavns Smith, General Premont has occupied Harrisonburg, in the valley of the,

fI

3herandosh. Beyond Harrisunbur he came upon General Jaai

fell into an ambuscade, and Suffered heavy loss. General Jackson wsh expected to make a stand at Port Bepubli'.

general Balieck reports from his head-quarters near Corinth that

General Pope, with 40 000 men, was nine miles south of Corinth pushing the enemy ha' a. The latter had taken 10,000 prisoners and deserters and 15,000 stand of arms. The retreating force were throw. fog away their arms. Colonel Elliot had succeeded in reaching the Mobile and Ohio Railroad at Burrieville, where they destroyed the track, burned up the dpSt and locomotives and a train of twenty..sjx cars loaded with supplies of every kind, destroyed 10,000 stand of arms and much other material of war.

The Confederates had evacuated Fort Wright. A naval engagement

had taken place on the Mississippi, near Memphis, resulting in the destruction of the Confederate fleet, All the Confederate vessels wera destroyed but one. Memphis surrendered immediately afterwards.

Southern papers s ate that the Federal forces, 2000 strong, had

landed on James Island, opposite Charleston, under cover of a gun. boat d that some fighting had occurred, in which the Federals were rep .

The Federal Navy Department had ordered the construction of fifteen more gun-boats.

TheSenate hadpassed tbe Tax Bill. Cotton hadbeen tax'daths1f, a cent per pound.

The bill punishing polygamy in Utah passed the Senate by 87 to 2

votes. The bill recognising the independence of Bayti and Liberia, and providing for diplomatic relations with those countries, was passed by the Rouse by a vote of 86 against 87.

The Secretary of the Treasury in a message seat to the Congress, states that the total debt of the &overnmenb on the 29th of May was 491,415,894 dols., and that the interest paid averaged only 435 per cent,

atxsonLLAlenOuS,.

General Dix, commending at Fortress Monroe, had relaxed all restrictions upon trade with Norfolk.

The entire route of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad was now open.

An order dated San Francisco, April 80, issued by the Brigadier.

General commanding the department of the Pacific, confiscates the property of certain persons for siding and abetting the Confederates,

Mr. Barnum announces a new "Grand National Baby Show!' at his Museum in New York. The premiums range from 500 dole., to 5 dole., and will be awarded by lady judges to the "finest babies, twins, triplets, quaterns, and fat babies."

The specie was being shipped to Europe in large quantities, and the

premium of gold had risen to 4 per cent.
THE iLLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LOffDOY, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1852.

THE thunderclouds of war had been nearing each other too rapidly to leave it in doubt whether an explosion were at hand or not. The metaphor might indeed have been suggested by the physical conditions of the encounter. Taking advantage of a tremendous storm the Confederate General attacked on the last day of May, and what General M'CleUan calls a "desperate" battle ensued. The advanced guard of the Federals, under General Casey, was utterly routed, and fled in a way which M'Clellau describes as unaccountable and disorderly: nearly

¥ twenty of their guns were taken, and a great slaughter was made. Then reinforcements were brought up by the Federal leader, and the assailants were checked. They were not daunted, however, for they renewed the attack on the next day, Sunday, bat without gaining any fresh advantage. They claim the victory on the whole business, but it is, of course, violently clamoured for by the North. The military honours are clearly with the Confederates, but it seems doubtful whether they gain much more. As regards the slaughter-we say it without disrespectone knows not what to believe when the American journals take to computation. Our readers will recollect the "awful carnage" which has marked every action throughout the waron paper. They were almost prepared to find the total account something terrible. The returns appear to have at length been made up, not from sensation paragraphs, but from the army rolls, and the whole amount of lost, from Bull Bun to Banks's run, is 5791. Reading this, we hardly like to believe that this last battle has cost the Federals more than they have sacrificed during the year and a half of fighting; and, when we set down the numbers said to be lost at 7000 killed and wounded-so speaks the latest telegramwe do so subject to the revision of the bill by the Federal General. The latter states that the losses on the Confederate side" must have been" enormous, but we shall await General Johnson's account. Be the figures large or small, the battle does not seem to bring the war any nearer a termination, but, on the contrary, it shows that the Confederates are not only very strong but very resolved. It maybe presumed that another engagement must have occurred almost under Richmond, and the fate of the Virginian capital may by this time be decided. The mails also speak o an engagement on the Mississippi, of the destruction of Confederate vessels, and the surrender of Memphis

 and also of a report that the Southern defences onthe James River had been passed. If this latter report be true, the advantage to General M'Clellan is, of course, very great. Lastly, we hear that "the magnificent Fremont" had allen into an ambuscade planned for him by General Jackson, and that "the Pathfinder who always lost his way," had suffered severely. More gunboats were ordered, and the Senate had passed the Tax Bill. The New York papers continue to be outrageously angry at the idea of even France presuming to mediate, and the hint that the Orleans Princes have deserved well of the Union is repeated with additional offensiveness. Doubtless, there will be fresh exultation in the North at the bad news from Mexico.

Connected with the American question is the only business of much interest which has occupied the attention of our own Parliament. In both Houses Ministers have been invited to express their sentiments on the subject of the atrocious pro. clamation by which General Butler Can exattorney) houufl2 on the Rowdies in his ranks to outrage upon the ladies of New Orleans. Both Lccd Russell and Lord Palmerston spoke as Englishmen must speak of such brutality; and their language implies, and was of course meant to imply, that no Government that should not disavow and punish the author of so ruffianly an appeal to the worst feelings of the worst class of men could retain, the respect of civilised nations. We sincerely trust to hear that Butler has been superseded ; but certain laboured attempts which have been made to explain away some of the wickedness of his ferocious edict do not seem to point in the desirable direction. At present a Northern General is branded with the guilt of inciting worse acts than were ever perpetrated in the name of "Liberty" during the Beiga of Terror; but let us hope that the brand may not also remain affixed upon those who can as yet atone to humanity by casting away the wretched creature himself.
Lxs a nou–c, in answer to Mr. Forster, that be sou1d on

Fricay' bring iorwarˆ ble motion affirming the desirability of recogulsing the Soutbern States of America.
The New York lawyers complain of very dull times a the

Bar, and say that not fifty out of the three thousand residing there are maJng a living.
UNITED STATES.

By the arrival of t1e Bohemian and City of New York we have news to the 14th inst.

BELLIGERENT OPERATIONS.

The state of the weather and the roads has prohibited any further advance by General lsi'Clellanls army before Richmond. He reports his loss at the late engagement, called Fair Oaks, as having been 890. killed, 8627 wounded, and 1222 missing, making a total of 5730. The Richmond Despatch acknowledges a loss at the same battle of at least 8000, including 5 generals, 23 colonels, 10 majors, and 57 captains killed, or taken prisoners. It is confirmed that General Joseph Jobuaton was among the wounded. The command of the Confederate army has therefore devolved on General Lee, whose address on taking the chief command informed his troops that they had made their last retreat, and that henceforth every man's watchword must be' Victory or death." President Davis had issued an address to the army, thanking them for their bravery at the late battle. The Governor of 'Virginia bad oxdeed all toree in Iiclunon.d to be closed daily at two.
o'elock, to enable those in business to devote a portion of each day for drill and discipline.

General Fiemont's ay had reached aacr,burg and driven

Jackson's rear-guard from the town. Gene Front, i his official despatches, claims to have achieved a decided 'victory over the Con

federates St Cross Keys. General Jackson had, however, made good

his retreat from the Valley of the Shenandoah, injctiing some loss on

the advance-guard of General Fremont's force. ae hoped to join the

main army in Richmond.

The Federal General Mitchell had routed th Confederates at Chattaneoga, in East Tennessee, after two days' The East Tennesseesus came out Crowds along the line of maron and cheered the Federalists.

We have no further intelligence of the progress of the attack on Charleston.

In the south-west, General Us,Ueck reports that General Beauregard,

with the main body of the Confederate army of the south-west, had

retreated to Okoloxia, a station on the Mobile arid Ohio Railroad, about fy rnilcs south of Corinth. He had lost from 'o 000 to 30,000 men by death, capture, desertion, and other casualties e still commanded a force of about 80,000 men.

The citizens of Memphis have submitted patiently to their fate. The Federal Commander does not find it necessary to put the place under martial law. Of the eight Confederate gun-i5 Whig defended Memphis four were captured, two were sunk, one burnt , and only one escaped by superior speed. Much cotton had been destroyed by its owners along the river banks, to which the Federals have now gained access.

 General Butler had arrested en-Senator Pierre Soul6 in New Orleans

on apolitical charge, and intended sending blur to the North.

WASRflmvo.

Secretary Welles had sent to the Naval committees of Congress a

long communication calling renewed attention to the subject of iron plated ships and the necessity of providing for the construction Of them in lieu of wooden vessels. Re only asks for an appropriation of one or two millions of dollars for this purpose.

The Danish Government has made a proposition to the Federal Government to take a few thousand fugitive negroes Off their hands and remove them to the Island Saint Croix free of charge. After an apprenticeship of three years with regular wages, the negroes would receive their freedom. Mr. Seward replied that ie had no authority to accept the proposition, but he would lay it before Congress.

Secretary Chase, in a letter to the Committee on Ways and Means,

asks authority to issue another 150,000,000 do1, in demand notes of not less denomination than five dols, each. The committee have reported a bill to this effect.

General Prim and Staff had been 'visiting thehead. quarters of General M'C]el]an near Richmond.

Lord Lyons had an interview with the President on the 13th, being on the eve of his departure for Europe.

An interview had taken place between the members of the foreign Legations and Mr. Seward on the question of the specie seized by General Butler at the Dutch Consul's residence in New Orleans. Mr. Seward has dispatched a commissioner from the State Department for the purpose of taking the necessary proofs for final consideration.

A missionary from New York, Mr. Collier, having opened schools

for coloured people of all ages at Newbern was ordered to close them by Governor Stanly, the newly-apojnted Unionist Governor of North Carolina.- Mr. Collier resigned his situation, and laid ki grievances before the New 'York public. The press throughout the North espoused his cause. President Lincoln, on being called upon to act, reversed the decision of Governor Staaly, and the coloured schools will be re oxiened.

In the issouxi State Convention a bill proposing a scheme of

gradual emancipation was defeated by a vote of 52 against 13.

The export of large amounts of specie to Europe continues. The

demand for gold has raised it-to 7 per cent premium above its paper representative. This movemet of specie is caused by the sale of American securities, owned y Europeans, who are tempted by the present high quotations in Wall-street to seize the opportunity for selling out.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

.LOKDON, SATURDAY, JUNE 28,.1862.

41 Oics conflict more, the fiercest and the last." This is what the American journals tell us to expect: its scene to be near Richmond; but the last mails record no new movement of the armies. General Jackson has, however, effected a masterly retreat over the mountains in defiance of the hot pursuit of the Federals; and he brings a very strong reinforcement to the Confederates at Richmond. His defeat of Shields is fully admitted in official despatches. "The men fought like demons,' says an eyewitness. !Ihe "magnificent" Fremont is once more in full activity, and is restored to the good graces of the people. Me claims a victory at Cross Keys, where he counted five hundred Confederates slain. The fail of Charleston is con. fldently predicted, the more confidently that the Federals have established themselves in a neighbouring island. With these not unimportant exceptions, we have not much to record in regard to the fratricidal war.

a failed and his motion was withdrawnjIiilsay upon the suggestion of high authority, postponed his motion in favour of a recognition of the Southern States.
ILLUSTRATION OF THE WAR IN AMERIO

Tm storm on the ississippi which forms the subject of the accompanying En' 'jig occurred on the night of May 20. Our Special Artist, who was on board oneof'thetransports of the Federal flotilla, states':-"It was the most violent storm that I have ever witnessed. The lightning flashed in

Mlm of flame, succeeded by deafening crashes, and, in the instance Illustrated, struck into the water close by the ammunition-boat, dashing to the deck the entire watch. The boat in which I was lay next to her, and for a moment we thought, from the concussion, that we had been struck. The ammunitionboat had 25,000lb. of powder on board, besides shell for the entire fleet."
Messrs. George Peabody and Co. (the American house) have

given to each of their clerks LI worth of tickets and three days' holiday, to

enable them to out the exhibition, in addition to the period annually aUOte for recreation.
