AMERICA. Yea the snivel of the Sazonia and City of Washington we have New York journals of the 18th and telegrams, vii. Cape Race, to the 21st

WAit NEWS.

General M'Clellan'e head-quarters are still at Earper's Ferry. On the 16th two reoonneiseanoes on force were made across the Potomac by Generals Uenoook and Woodbury. Raving succeeded in esoertaming the whereabouts of General Lee, the two divisions returned to Deliver Heights. General itl'Clloilan concludes his report thus;"There is no doubt that the rebel Generals intend to give battle et or near their present location. The indications are that they will net. have to welt long before they again meet the army of the Poisons." It is, however, stated that General M'illellan's army is unable to advance on account of short supplies of clothing and shoes for the troops.

The Confederate General Stuart made good his retreat into Virginia,

recreeeing the Potomac at Edward's Ferry, carrying away 1101 horses

end large quantities of boots end clothing taken in Pennsylvania. During this successful raid the Confederates passed entirely round the army of the Potomac. The Confederates have respected private S houses, but have torn up the railway - tracks and damaged a considerable amount of Government property along their route.

The Southern accounts of the battle of Perryeville, Kentucky differ from the Northern reports in claiming the victory and oaptcee Of 9000 Federal prisoners during the battle.

The Confederates, under General Morgan2 captured Lexington, Kentucky, and took 100 priconere, Ho epeodaly evacuated the plies, end met the Federal force e, under General Dumont, between Versailles. and Frankfurt. It is reported that after a short engagement the Confederates scattered. Morgan afterwards captured a train of eighty Federal waggone near Bardatown.

 General Butler has left New Orleans• to inspect the condition of affairs at Pdneecola. A Federal foraging expedition has been sent up the Mississippi in transports. The expedition captured a quantity of cattle, but eighteen men were killed on board the transports by the Confederate batteries erected at the Levels. A free negro regiment has been celled out for service in New Orleans. Slavery has already been abolished in end around New Orleans. The late slaves are now working for their lute masters as hired labourers.

oclec'EIr.AirEoue.

The draught has been resisted in Ohio and Pennsylvania. The Irish.

miners of Lucerne county, Pennsylvania, acted so riotously that the

military were called out and fired upon the insurgents, killing four or five.

The New York Chamber of Commerce has passed resolutions stating that the destruction of the ship Brilliant by the Confederate steamer Alabama is a crime against humanity. The Chamber of Commoree has net failed to notice the change in British sentiments, transforming a friendly nation late a Power the nature of whose neutrality is shown by its permitting ships to go forth and armaments to follow them for the work of plundering and destroying American vessels thus encouraging upon the high seas an offence against nsntoei rights, upon the plea of which, in the case of the Trout, Englandthreatened to plunge the American Government late war. The Chamber has heard with amazement that other vessels are fitting out in British ports to continue the work of destruction begun by the Alabama. It is the duty of the Chamber of Commerce to warn British merchants that a repetition of such sate as horning the Brilliant, by vessels fitted out in England and manned by British seamen, cannot foil to produce widespread exasperation in America. The Chamber therefore invokes the influence cc all men who voles peace and goodwill among all nations to prevent the departure of other vessels of the same character from them ports, and thus avert the calamity of war. The resolutions close by declaring that it is the desire and interest of Americans to cherish and maintain saute- monte of amity with England. Copies of the resolutions are to be forwarded to the British Board of Trade. The captures affected by the Alabama have injuriously effected the freights for American shipping.

Brigadier-General Davis, who recently assassinated General Nelson in Louisville, Kentucky, has been released from arrest, and will Probably be ordered to duty soon.

The Democratic party throughout the Free States has taken grdsnd against the emancipation proclamation of the President and against the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. A letter from General Scott to Mr. Lincoln, dated Marsh 2, 1801, has been brought out by them. General Scott therein recommends that the "wayward sisters be allowed to go in peace."

The Democrats on this platform have carried the States of Ohio end Indiana. The Republicans have carried Iowa and fifteen cut of twenty-four members of Congress in Pennsylvama. It is yet uncertain which party has carried, the State ticket in the latter State.

The Sioux Indians in Minnesota had ceased hostilities and were surrendering themselves to the Federal authorities.

Cold bail risen to a premium of 32 per cent.
Some of the Pennsylvanian Quakers and New York Shakers

have pleaded exemption from the draught in both States on the ground of

their religious scruples against war. Tics plea has been allowed.

Mi. Consul Bunch, of Charleston, has reported to the Foreign

ofibee upon the quantity of cotton Its the Southern StateS. MIs estimate is that

there are at least 5,000,000 bales, any portion or the whole of which, however,

might at any time be destroyed by the people.

The Paresident of Ilayti was on a tour in the North, and

meeting with a hearty rectptioo. The Anoerican coloured emigrants wore doing well, anti expressed themselves. In an address to the President, conteatetl with their now position and hopeful of success. The cultivation of cotton was extending Immigration was the topic of general discussion.

Lord Lyons left Liverpool on Saturday lout, in the mail

stroon-ehip Oeotia, for Wushiogton, u-here ho ovlll resume his duties so British

Minister. Among his fellow.yousengeis is Mr. S. Cameron, formerly Federal Feel etary for War. There has been a good deal of speculation as to the suture of the instructions which his Excellency carries out with him; but doe 0/abe, hi an aotiele written In u semt-official. tone, womb us against any impreosloct that an immediate change in to take place in our position as regards the Ofortli eras and Se,,tlsea'o States, or that "LaM Lynne carries alt its his pocket Instructions likely to lead to a crisis on his lauding." Our contemporary, indeed, has no doubt that "new intercourse with the President's Government will remain as peaceful and uninterrupted so the bout friends of England and Antraiea ceotist wish." The PisceS says:-" It is understood that Load Lyons takes nit, the most full assurance that, while England will be eager, in concert with ether 'civilierd nations, to adopt any atop that may tend to promote a permanent return of peace, either through a restoration of the Union on the old or any a balu, aeon agreement for a friendly separation, she will meanwhile iodividnalhy a-close to oTepart one hairsbreadth from her sours of non

Mr. Cobden addiesced a crowded sneoting of his constituent

t flachdoleon Wadseeclay evening. In the 00-arse of his speech he mao

allusion to the distress now existing in Lancashire, Plus distress, he polate

out, Was cop..wd by the blockade of the southern ports of the Unitel Slate

and that blockade au-em from a elate of war and the principles rax,giieed I

the conduct of war. The Goc-emaseuf of the country were anseochog prtlt

to those principles, and thereto. -diereess e'pa1 liv them 'rue a ,sallena

matter to be nationally rdiesnl 'v'0nontly ide. Cob too epoce 51 eegfL

Joe Balding, a coloured noon, died in the Zaneoville (Ohio)

inerumey last mouth, aged ill yearn, He was a lirgielan slave in the ea -s pf Waslnagtois.
American news is interesting, though as yet not very important. The "feat of arms " of the war has been General Stuart's ride round General M'Clellan's army. The gallant feraglig party had it all their own way-carried oil horses, arms, clothing, and all that they required, and, despite ld'Glellsn'e threat that not one of them should escape, all but see escaped, if the word be applicable to so triumphant a raid. Another enemy has still more grievously disquieted the North, the Alabama, which has made such havoc among the merchant-ships of the Federals that the rate of freight is seriously affected end the mercantile folks are scolding England for having allowed the Alabama to fit out. The Confederates dashed at Lexington, and plundered, and retreated, it is said, with lees. They claim Perryeville as a victory, and say they can show 1)000 prisoners. The army of MOleIlau -stated tcbe advancing. But the civil struggle now waging is of more importance as regards the war. The Democrats and Bepablieane are in deadly close over the State elections. and should the former triumph in the great States the Cabinet of Yr. Lincoln will real and totter. Bat the President hopes that the war fever will carry him through. We may add to Our American summary-for the matter has principal reference to the war-that Mr. Cnbdan has delivered two long speeches

•at Manchester and Rochdale, which he strongly urges the abandonment of the present maritime laws-that is to say, that England should throw away the one terrible weapon which makes this little island a match for the world in arms.
U--  RICA.

By the arrival of the City of New York we have received telegrams to the evening of the 2oth exit.

WA 5t\T5.

Beeennaioeaneos from General WCieliaa'a army continue to be made, but no general advance has taken place. Public thaeatiefaetion at this delay has reached each a pitch that it is affirmed, on authority that can htaUy be mistaken, that the President has determined to replace MOlellan by General Hooker.

'The Confederates, under General Lee, are maooedin the Shenandoah Valley.

Ice the Western department, General EaeU has relinquished the pursuit of General Bragg, who has passed through Cumberloaed Gap into East Tennessee. The Confederates carried large trains of pro
oisiene out of Kentucky. The Southern Journals declare that Bragg's invasion of Kentucky was a failure, while the Northern newspaper' denounced General Bad for not having prevented Bra"g'e escape

from that State. These complaints have Co much weight with Presi-dent Lincoln as to have impelled him to anbatituto General llaeonoorm for General Such.

In the neighbourhood of Nashville there has been a slight sgagomerit. The Federal General Negley reports that the slight

who had assembled at Lavorgus, fifteen moles east from Nashville with the intention of assaulting the oily, were attaokesi by the Federals on the 6th end routed, leaving 170 prisoners. Nashville however, is entirely out off from eonamonioation with the North.

An army correspondent of a• Georgia paper eels down the Confederate lose in the attack on Corinth at 3030 in killed, wesuadeel, and missing.

ANOTHER FEDERAL OUTRAGE.

The British merchant-ship Blanche, soiling between the Mexican port of Mat amoras and Havennah, and carrying a cargo of cotton, was espied and porenad near the latter port by Captain Renter, in command of the Federal gun-boat Montgomery. Instead of waiting for her the Blanche endeavoured to escape. The Mont'nmery ran her ashore six miles north of More Castle. The .LToalde, who had watched her movements from the shore, went on beard the Blanche end. hoisted the Spanish flag as a sign that she was under the protection of the Spanish Government. At the same time Captain Hunter of the Montgomery, ordered two boats with armed men to board the Blanche end take possession of her. Againat those pro. osediega the .dlcelde and the captain of the Blanche protested, A quarrel ensued, in which the officer of the Montgomery slapped the Spanish official in the fee", and waththe aid of his men drove him and his three companions ashore, They then set fire to the ship isA carried away the Cuban pilot of the Blanche. When the Spanish Governor at Havannala received the account of the affair, orders were given to a Spanish frigate to sail forthwith and capture the offending gun-beat. But the Montgomery had disappeared. Mr. Tenara, the Spanish Minister at Washington, has load the matter before Mr. Seward, The result has been that the Federal Secretary of the Navy has published his latter of instructions to the naval officers, which goes to show that Captain Hunter acted ealely, on his own responsibility,

ME CONFEDERATE STATES.

Yellow foyer continue, to rage in Wilmington, North Carolina, Coffins could not be obtained as fast as the citizens die.

The Confederate Congress had adjourned to Nov. 13,

The British steamer Binalde arrived at New Orleans on the 8th nIt,

The superintendent of a plantation near New Orleans has been killed by nagrooe. The Federal military were called out and the insurrection queued after several of the negroes were killed.

Richmond papers reported the presence there of John Mitehel, the Irish exile, two of whose sons were in the Confederate army.

A Confederate ran has been launched at Charleston.

SOI5OELLL'eEoUs,

Federal officers have been appointed to report to military State depart

ment any cases of aliens actually draeghted into military service, and who claim exemption.

There have been further disturbances among the Irish miners in Pennsylvania, with a view of resisting the conscription.

The stockbrokers' committee has reported that Government desire that geld speculation should not be festered in the Sleek liltebangs. Geld was at 31 premium.

A scarcity of labouring-men was being experienced at New York, and tha nooaeaity of immigration had baaa urged by the Chamber of Commerce.

Mr. Gladeione'e Ns*eastle speech was regarded as nnte'iandly in New York.

The hostility of the Democratic loaders and party to the eman

cipation policy of the President grow sins trength.

- The Great Eastern still remains at New York. It has been eoneidered advisable is make a thorough examination of her bottom before sending her to sea. No date has been fixed for departure.
TIlE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA. (From out. Pi°5 ArS,t and Correspondent.)

Richmond, Virginia, Sept. 20.

ON my return to Richmond from the army under -oral Lee, with

drawings and material descriptive of the late successes that have groaned the Confederate arms, I find to my great disgust that a loop letter fin the connecting link between my campaign in the

North ard my visit South has been loot. This letter was mt noted to

yentleman who proposed to run the blookado from Charleston in tile

Gc dlq arid unfortunat I while on his way to the latter city he yhis, portirienteau. R )e ship was on the point of leaving and, ofit

5eirifleing his baggogo and my correspondence, he left in her. I have

just received a telegraphic despatch from Messrs. Frazier and Co., the

egoists of the gentlemooi in question in Charleston, in answer to one of nay own inquiring about the safety of my letter, acquainting me with the mishap, and also bringing me the intelligence that the portininteau

-has teen traced arid that they hope to have it forwarded to them in

time to leave by the next steamer. There i no disguising the fact that nay lines of communication are exceedingly hazardous and that I am compelled to rely solely on the successful running of the

blockade--a ucetal arrangement which has very little certainty in its operation. some elm drat sketches from the South were loot in the

broad current of the ?domao, the person who had them in charge . them ovarboal with other papers while being chased by a

Na.riOL7bini T., or three of these I have redrawn, and I now send !' i.' addition to others of the late battle on the plains of v;t_~wu, on the present cocasion I have had to be my own courier as fee as hers, and as soon as I ass this packet safely off I shall return toee.mp.

.The more I see of the Southern army the more I can lost in adrsiration at its splendid patriotism, at its wonderful endurance, at its utter disregard of hardships which, probably, no modern army has been called upon to bear up against. Wretchedly equipacl, the soldiers of the Confederacy advance to meet their foes e light of baths shining on their countenances, determined to be vie-. terious or 'die. I have seen them marching over the hot and dusty roads of Virginia, unifornalees, shoeless, many with nothing but a thin, well-worn shirt to shelter thOrn from the scorching rays of the son, said et every man cheered his comrade, and all as they their leeding feet along made light of their sufferings, and

renewed elasticity strode forward on their way, many to their

graves, The lies I had heard in the North of disaffection in the ccath have been refuted to me a thousandfold. My own eyes and can have contradicted at every step I have taken the calumnies circulated to the prejudice of a people firmly united in their desire for earaticn from the old Government, and resolved to fight for their independence till the last man has been called from his home and the last plantation laid waste, What a grand picture does this colossal revolution present; how near to heroism is this people brought who, sacrificing everything-mothers their sons, wives their lnsaban,?.e, all they hold dear-for that which every couintr' has fought for at some time during its history-its rights! Yes, with all Europe against them-for are not the ports of the Northern States open to the world?-these Saxons of one South, blockaded in their

_1aaxbcucs.wtth aon'varms . dusivsti of those onacuxoes which alone
-iile tEEd anaigy formidable yet drive beck the countless legions ad

the invader from their soil, and with "lo triomphal" on their tattered banners, prepare to carry the desolation which they have suffered to the homes of their adversaries.

Sorely year readers by this time have learned to properly estunite the empty assurancee and vain boastings of the Northern Governoeent and press in ralarenoe to the suppression of the rebellion. Mr. Seward's oiroulare to the United States' Ministers abroad have been marvellous specimens of premises on a promise to do something. At each additional disaster to the Federal arms he has paraphrased in his despatches the words of the popular song, "There's a good time coming, bcye, only wait a 11ff is longer;" and for eighteen weary oseeths of bloedahad he has been singing this refrain, and each month his voice has grown more uncertain and wavering in the notes. How long England and Prance will submit to be bamboozled by the hallow representations of the Federal Government remains to be seen; as it is they have held aloof long enough, and precedents which they have followed in other cases demand that the two Powers at the heed of eivilieatien should interfere to stop the butchery which disgraces the century we live in. The cell for six hundred thousand more men in the Forth goes a long way to show that hitherto Mr. Seward has been cheating Europe into the belief that the Southern revolt was nothing. What has become of the first six hundred thousand i Their bones lie whitening in the fields around Corinth; the plains of Manaseas are one hogs Northern graveyard. Prom the Tames to the York River, on the banks of the Cbickalaominy and the Pamunkey, the slaughtered thousands of the once proud army of the Potomac sleep their last sleep. And should Mr. Lincoln be successful in his demand far new lsvico, which I very much doubt, the beginning of the end will be as far off as ever. Surrounded as I am by the Southern people, living in their midst, associating with their soldiers, I emphatically assert the South can never be subjugated. There is not a mother with two sons, having lest one by a Northern bullet, who will not freely offer up the ether on the altar of her country. As I have said before, there are men serving in the ranks of the Southern army worth a hundred thousand dollars (120,000) submitting to every privation-and such privations ware never known-and, if need be, they will continue to bear with them and prolong the struggle for years. Never have I hoard a doubtful word expressed as to the ultimate result of the war now waged by the Southerners: every . soldier of the Confederacy is impressed with the stamp, of individuality, and has a confidence in himself which half a million of Northerners cannot shake. And should din necessity demand that more blood should be shed in addition to that which already crimsons the fields of Virginia, Kentucky, and Tennessee, there will be five hundred thousand such men ready to form a barricade with their bodies over which the invaders of their soil will have to pass. We have seen the first great Northern army swept away, and the second will scarcely fare better. The South is now thoroughly aroused; the late victories that have crowned its arms have made it more hopeful and determined than ever. The North, on the contrary, is demoralisad by a succession of reverses, which even the mendacious despatches of its Generals have failed to conceal, The whole Northern people ard writhing under the disgrace of the continued defeats of their wsll-etpnipped armies by, as they themselves tent the foe, a halfstarveu ragged mob of rebels, Will their past experience in the war increase the prestige of their new levies in the field 1' It 'o hardly probable. Their forces, beaten everywhere cannot commence a new campaign, even should they be psrmittaà to do so by the European Powers, without the dead weight of previous disaster sxeraoan,g ita depresaing influence upon them. However this may be, the Sourn well be found prepared, and, whatever the result, nobly, I am convinced, will she stem the tide of battle. I would wish to

 continue this letter, ,and give a comprehensive view to your readers

of the social and pehtical policy of,tho South; but tims is short and I must delay to the next opportunity the multitudinous facts that I have collected for the benefit of your readers. Hoping this may reach YOU safely I am Tours over, " "

[Some Ifluetratoons by our Special Artist which arrived with the

above letter will shortly appear in this Journal]

I A 001vespcaf one of the O'ieics, writing from the Confederate capital on

(let, 5, melee the fdfloust,g remarks in reference to the blockade -" It

should be noticed, before leaving the subject that, 'child csor-fifths of the

snuggling veeseis 00 the Potomac and two-thirds of the sea. gelug vessels on ills ceest are invariably successful in their eutesnce Wood "cit from • Dixie

Land,' there are nccualeral seizures effected by Pederal vassals, which are erode

the most or by the Now York roses and in Mm'. Seward'o despatches. As an hntaoee, it may be mentioned that Mr. Vicatacly, the well-known and populae mrreopnndent of the lLlrne'l'exccm Loysnoys Masses, has been singularly unferceusce us lbs d050atambeesylucli during the last six weeks he has addrosied to England, end IVbtch have, without exception, been subjected to miring noudento by Ooed end arid. 'But the foot remains that the South, though oerely vexed by the blockade, lv penetrated and reached by vassals every day and every eight, end that, consequently, there is no ouch scarcity as use Pedersi lesrusja have loved to paint,"
with its beuti0u1 gardena; the town church, with the tomb of the land graea; the meet-house of tho State; the academy the town choo1; the public library, consisting of 200,000 volumes; t'he library

of the Grand Duke; the cabinet of natural history, oota1n5ng many

curious fossils; the OeraBouae, several charitable inetitutiona, and a number of different kinds of schools. Its principal manufactures are

carpets, paper, silver articles, starch, tobacoo, and war candles scud its population is about 30,000. Liebig, the celebrated oheniia was born here in 1803,
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LONDON, SATURDAY, NOT'RiflJRR 5, lees.

The Northern States of America are engrossed with the State elections, which appear to be going against Mr. Lincoln and his party and in favour of the Demoentry, which now claims to "command the situation," and which repudiates end denounces the so-called abolition proclamation. The members in course of election will have no constitutional position for a year, but the public opinion manifested by such a reaction as is alleged will have immediate and formidable operation. The war news is almost all. W'Clellan does not advance there is a rensonr that Rallerk is to be removed from Washington to the west, and that MClelian is to he succeeded by one who may or may net deserve the title of "the judicious Hooker." The Confederate spoil he Kentucky has been very large, but nothing beyond plunder has been gained by the onslaught. Nashville is stated to he cut off by the Confederates, and the Nettle is still occupied with scolding England in rr the terrible. Alabama.
TEE AMERICAN OIL-WELLS.

In the columns of this Journal have been given from time to time accounts of the wonderful oilsprings found in the United States and in Canada, accompanied by conjeatures as to how the oil is produceda point on which geologists are not agreed. Sometimes the oil bubbles out on the top of streams, or rises freely to the surface, bursting forth occasionally in jets several feet high; but generally the oil is attained by sinlzing wells and booing. These oil-springs at times catch fire with, as may be supposed, the most terrible results. One scene of tile kind is thus described by the Buffalo Courier:-" Dazing the drilling of an oil-wail at Tidione, Pennsylvania a sudden rush of oil, at the rate of seventy barrels an hour, took pines the stream ascending 4Oft, above the eurfaoe of the ground. Above this mass of oil the gas or benaine rose in a cloud far flit. or fi Oft. All the fires in the neighbourhood were immediately extmgnished, except one 400 yards distant. The the from this ignited the floating gas, and in a moment the whole air was in roaring flames. As seen as the gas trek fire the head of the jet of oil was in a furious blaze, and falling like water from a fountain over a space of 100Th. in diameter each drop of oil came down a blazing globe of boiling oil. Instantly tha ground was in a flame, constantly increased and augmented by the falling oil. At once a scone of indescribable horror teak place. Scarce were thrown flat for a distance of 201 t, and numbers horribly burned, rushing blazing from the hell of misfortune, shrieking and screaming in their anguish. The whole air was on fire. The jet of oil, rushing up 4Oft., was almost a pillar of livid flame, while the as above it, to the distance of 100Th., was flashing exploding, dashing towards the heavens, and apparently licking be clouds with its furious tongues of heat. All tine time, during this tremendous seanbustion, the sounds of the explosions and buminge were so tremendous and continuous that they could be compared to nothing but the rushing of a hurricane or tornado through the forest. The heat of the fire was so intense that no one could approach within liOft. It was the most frightful and yet the grandest pyrotechnical display ever vouchsafed to a humsat being. The oil burned until it was exhausted,"

Mr. Alexander S. Macrae, petroleum oilbrcker, of Liverpool, has obligingly furnished us with a photographic view of one of these oil

regions-the Spouting Wells at 0,1 Creek, Pennsylvania-from which

we give an Engraving at page 403. In the front of the Illustration is chassis a large vat, or cistern, in which a spouting well is running the oil. Owing to the specific lightness of the petroleum it floats upon the surface of water, and any deleterious matter which may n nn with it is at once precipitated to the bottom, whence it is readily extricated. The oil is run into good strong forty-gallon casks, and dispatched to the refineries at home, or exported to avery port in Europe. Phillips's Well is estimated to yield 3000 casks per week. This time last year, suites Mr. Macme, petroleum oil was almost unknown in Europe, since which we have imported and consumed from 150,000 to 200,000 casks, representing more than half a million sterling. The uses of this oil are many, In refining, spirits of petroleum are produced, from which a turpentine substitute is made, now being largely used m the place of spirits of turpentine, The next and the must important derivative is the patrols= oil, used for burning in paraffin-lamps. Lubricating oils and greases are likewise extracted from at, and war also in great quantities. In the United States and Canada more than one hundred refineries have been created.
AMERICA.

By the snivel of the steamer North American we have news from

New York to the 3rd inst.

-  WAS anwa.

General M'Clellan has moved his head-quarters to the Virginia side of the Potomac. General Burneide has moved down along the eastern base of the Blue Ridge Mountains and formed a Junction with General Siegel. The Federal General Steneman has occupied Leeeburg without opposition. The Confederates are in front of the Federal advance.

General Pleaeanton met the Confederates at Philhipmont After skirmishing they rotreated to Union, whence they were eubesquentlydriven by General Pleaeanton, who occupied the place. Heavy firing

has since been heard, but the result is not known,

The report we gave currency to last week conoerning the euppressioi of General M'Clellen end the assumption by General Halleik of the commend of the Department of the West was unfounded. No important changes have been made of late among the highest rank of officers.

The Federal General Mitchell ha suffered a severe repulse at

Maekay Point end Poeotehigo in an attempt to cut off the railway communication between Charleston end Savannah.

General Curtis reports that the Confederates have been routed in Arkansas.

The Federals have destroyed the extensive steam saltwerks erected

Vthe Confederates at St. Joseph's Bay, Florida. Georgia and

lorida relied upon these wor for the supply of salt for the winter's provision for their troops.

In the sxtreme.ponth.wset. some sm;orlsnt operations have taken

place. Sabine City end Pass, at the month of the Sabina River,

 dialling Lonialene. from Texas, have been taken possession of by theFederals. Galveston also, the chief port of Texas, has soirendsrsd.

to the Union Commander without resistance, and is now occupied b

Federal troops. A considerable contraband trade with England an the West Indies has thus been put an end to.

A large naval and military expedition is now being fitted out for

Texas. The expedition is to be commanded by General Banks.

The Federal cruisers have captured the British steamers Anglia,

Scotia, and Waohuta. .  -

The Confsderats steamer Alabama has captured eight more American vessels, end destroyed them all but two, which gave bonds for 86,030 dols., payable to President Davis after the declaration of peace. The Alabama was last seen in lat. 00, long. 69 W., off Caps Dslaware0 directly in the track of the Californian steamers,

TEE CONrEDER&TE STATES.

Deserters from Richmond report that the steamer Harriman No, 2

is a complete success,

Governor Vance, of North Carolina, snakes a pathetic appeal to

the generosity of the people to assist in clothing the Confederate soldiers before the winter sets in. He describes them as already suffering from want of socks, shoes, and blankets. He calls upon the farmers who are tanning hides to supply the shoes, the mothers of• North Carolina to knit the nooks, and the wealthy to give their parlour carpets for blankets.

anaonr,iserxovs. -

In order to remedy the want of small change, the Now York mnni-

cipality has resolved to issue 3,000,000 dole, paper currency in amountsunder one dollar.  -

There has been a series of strikes among the working men of New

York for increased wages, in consequence of the alarming end rapid rise in the price of the necessaries of life. The dsnianda of the -ss'orkoog men have been aooeded to.

Judge Clifford, of Maasaohuastte, granted a writ of habeas corpus

in the case of Mr. W. H. Winder, of Phiigdelphia, illegally detained in Fort Warren, The Sheriff was dewed admittance to the fort to serve the writ.  -

General Wool, commanding in Baltimore, has arrested several

oltizena forming a Union committee in Baltimore for the offence of sndcaveuring to procure signatures amon& his own officers for his removal from command. The President has ordered the arrested persons to be set at liberty unconditionally.

The Democrats carried the elections in Pennsylvania by 9600 majority. In Ohio the Democratic State ticket has been elected by 8000 majority.

A frightful accident occurred on the Mississippi Central Railroad

by the collision of two tram carrying Federal soldiers. Thirty persons. were killed, and nearly fifty wounded, many of them mortally.
DEP.&TCH OF THE BcJj GOVEBNMENh' ON fEDJArIoiç

•  IN A1'IERICA.

'ay'e Monitest' publishes a despatch of M. Drouyn do Lhuys, dated

Oct. 20, proposing to the Cabinets of Iondon and St. Petersburg to cones to

, u,duig in order to cause a suspension o the hostilities now waging

te American continent. The Minister recalls that Prance has Considered

ft a duty to observe a strict neutrality, and continues:-" But, tee from

imposing Upon the Powers an attitude resembling indifference, neutrality

should dispose them to render themselves useful to both parties, and aid thorn to emerge from a position which atpreoent appears withontissas.' The dospatch proceeds to state that the situation of the belligerents does not permit a hapo of marked advantage likely to accelerate the conclusion of peace, but points out the opportunity for an armistice to which in the present state of things no

strategic interests appear to make an obstacle. 1sf. Drenyn de Lhuy Coil-tissues thus Dispositions favourable to peace begin to manifest themselves in the North as well as in the South, and would second steps for the conclusion of-a truce. The limlierer has charged me to propose to the Cabinets of London and st. Petersburg to come to an understanding to employ their influence at iiaehiOgttfl and in the Confederate States in order to bring about a suspension of hostilities for six mouths, during which all direct or indirect acts of war sl,sodd Cease both oneesandland. These overtrireswould imply no judgmoutnpon the origin or Issue of the quarrel, and no pressure upon negotiations which might be conducted. Our part would solely be to smooth away hilBeoUtios, and only to intervene In the measures determined upon by bath parties. The accord of the three Powers would Impress the steps they might take with an evident character of Impartiality. If our counsels were not listened to we should have fulfilled the duties of humanity, and even In remaining without result our efforts would not be entirely useless, for they might encourage in American public opinions, movement towards conciliatory ideas, and assist in hastening the moment when the return of peace might become possible,'

me question of Euteponn Intervention in America is believed to have met

with sight encouragement from Russia. The official Jous'setj s/ $1. fete,'sbsn'g

publishes the following statement.-" We believe that the foreign Powers have no right whatever to interfere in Ainerien. We also believe that no ether intervention would be possible than one similar to the advice which Russia ha constantly tendered in a friendly spirit since the comInenesuant of the struggle.
The Emperor of the French is desirous that England and hassle should join him in proposing a suspension of hostilities between the belligerent Powers in America. A despatch from if. Dronyn de Lhoye to these two Powers appears in Thursday's Afeeitesn, in which he states that "the Emperor has charged him to propose to the Cabinets of London and St. Petersburg to come to an understanding to employ their influence at Washington and in the Confederate States in order to bring about a suspension of hostilities for air months, during which all direct or indirect acts of war should cease both on ace and land" This amounts to so complete 0, recognition and consolidation of the South that the North would be justified in the most brusque rejection of each a proposal. It is not likely, however, that they will have the opportunity of rejecting it. The proposition is believed to have met with but slight encouragement from Russia; and it is to be hoped that our own Government, notwithstanding considerable temptation to accede to it, will decline the Emperor's proposal.

The elections in America ore still going against the Republicans, whose wrath is being displayed in violent speeches and in an indorsement of the "crushing" measures called for the extremes of party. ir defeat of the
Federal General Mitchell is the only military incident of note We should add that it has been deemed expedient to "avow. the naval feat which has given such justifiable offence to Spain, and the einulattou e Wilkes is to be punished, on the demand of the Spanish Government
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA,

It! was announced in our last Impression that we had received several flhiutrations in connection with the war in America from our lpeoisl Artist at Richmond, Virginia. Some of these appear in this week's Number.

,,The Last Stand made by the Federals at Mailassas" engraved on pages 516-617, refers to the last disastrous days of die command of the vainglorious Pope, when the Federals were driven back from the a upon Arlington

.Llelgncs oppowoc cv 3n n,

)ur Artist writeehereupon -"The Yee army, towards the lose of the day, sought refuge in a gaily near the Alexandria end Orange Railroad. For some hours they fought against the Confederates , who used. stones an

rocks, their ammunition beinc exhausted. The Confederates kept the Federals off, and eventually remained masters of the field. The Engraving shows the division of General Longstreet charging with the bayonet against the masses aseembledto stay the triumphant progress of the Southern arms."

The "View of Richmond from the West," on the same pages, shows the picturesque site of this city, climbing as it dose the hills which skirt the north bank of the James River. The railroad bridge given in the Engraving connects the city with its, chief suburb, Manchester.

"Drury's Bluff," depicted above, is on the James River. It was hersthatthe Cdbfsderate batteries and obstructions forced the two Federal iron-dads the Monitor and Galena to retire to thcir station at Harrison's Landing. Drury's Bluff is within eight miles of the Confederate capital. The line of stakes planted adrose the river represents the nature of the obstructions with which the Confederate engineers have covered the approach to Richmond by water.

On the preceding page we engraveths "Camp of the Confederate Marins

at Drury'eBluff," stated

by our Artist to be one of the most important poets of the (Jo de as,
TiiIO ALA

Teen Confederate screw-steamer Alabama, Captaj0 851m_tS*, an

lingraving of which is given on page fl18 is the notorious vessel those

binge on the Newdoluifiland banks have jrghto

mere ants out of their propriety and OCcaSioned a  ronee from

the New York Chamber of was addressed to Britich merchants. re cad Northern The Alabama, formerly the so, bseU in M. Lird's 'card at Birkenhee.d. She is a wooden ves of 1200 tons  neion,

copper-bottomed, 2lOft, long, rather naccow printed black

carries three long 2-poundem en a side has a. 100

pounder rifled pivot-gnu forward of the bridge, and a Of-psansler

on the main-dock. These are t  Blak5lsy pattern, rerdo by

Wesleyand I'reeton,of Liverpool. She-re baerjne.rjgge, audis repro

scnted to go thirteen hnot under under sled, hs sailed from the Mersey in August, Her Officers are Americana, but her coma= crew Captain Seem s5 was the dashing commander arc Euglishm of the Confederate steamer Sumter. The Alabama is, we believe, the only vessel which the Confederate Slates now have on the bih aces. t is said that Mr. Collie; 0'. C)" as well as the Attorney end Solicitor General, have given opinion5 that her sailing so armed and on ricoh an errand as hors was a breath of the (mean's pcctlaorstion of neutrality. Our Engraving on page illS is from a okobok by Me. W. Words 0! Liverpool, and. represen 0 the Alabama leaving the Tonowanda her lie-ring put on board that vessel the captains and crews of several Yederal merchant-ca which she had taken too prizes and. burnt. The eb Tonowailda, which recently arrived at Liverpool from Pliflad phia, reports that she was captured by the Alabama (200) on the 0th of October at 4 p.m., in lot. 41, long. ri5. Captain J4itiO was taken on boar and iound there Captain Harmon end crew, of the late barciue Wove Crest, from New York for Cardiff, and Usutoin Johnson and crew, of the late brig Dunkirk, from New York for Lisbon, a11 prisoners and in irons on deck, their vessels having been burnt two days previous. The next day the prisoners wore transferred to the Tonowanda, and Captain Julius alone remained on board the Alabama as hostage. On the 11th of October they eaptused and burnt the ship Manchester, from NayoriciorLiverpool. a captain and crew were also poet en board the Tonowacubo. No more prizes were taken i11 the ovesring of the 10th, and, there being ' eye, .y appearance of thick weather, Captain Julius wee put on beexet the Tonoseanda and allowed to proceed, after having given a ransom bend. All the captains, officers, and crews bid. priseobors of -war. ,' In reply to a communication of Mr. Ohilton, chairman of the L'. Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, to the Government, reetuasting to know the opinion of the Government on the Manchester and 1huawada

to, seizures and the position of the owners of the British property on : board, fIr. Chilion has received, a onto stating that the communication

0., of the chamber has been received and is under the consideration of

her Meoety'0 Ministers. -
-  AMERICA.

By the arrival of the steamer Edinburgh we have news to the morning of the 8th inst.

WAR NEWS.

General M'Clollan's ermy has again advanced into Virginia along aleng the left side of the Blue Ridge. All the approaches to Manassas are in poeeeesion of the Pederale, They also occupy Warrenton. The Fed-1.1s hove received no information of the position or movements of General Lee's army.

An expedition, consisting of 12,000 men and several gem-boats, has left Newbem, North Carolina. Its destination is unknown,

A Philadelphia paper contains a letter from its correspondent in North Carolina stating that 0000 Confederates had surrendered unconditionally to General Poster's expedition at Plymouth, North Carolina,

Mr. Seward has disavowed the Set of the Commander of the United States' steen-ship Adirondack in continuing the chase of the British ship Herald when she was within the maritime jurisdiction of the bland of New Providence. The act is spoken of as "an inexcusable violation of the law of nations, for which acknowledgment and reparation ought to be promptly made."

Cn the 18th of Ootobor ten Confederate prisoners were abet sh Palrnyra, Missouri, in accordance with the orders issued by General M'Niel, Porter's guerrillas had carried off some days previously east Andrew Afloman, from Palmyra, and General M'Noll promptly gave notice that if beware not returned to his family within ten days test poisoners should be shot. Mr. Alioman was not forthcoming, and Goccrol M'Niel executed his threat,

The Federals have lately lost two Generals. General 0. M. Mitchell, the ex-astronomer and Abolitionist, died at Beonfort South Carolina, on the list tilt. of yellow fever. General R,oharáson died of the wounds received at the battle of Antcetam. General Mitchell had control of the freed negro establishment in South Carolina.

 TIM AxAnAme.

The New York Chamber Commerce has appointed a committee to take measures for oaptnnng the Alabama. A letter from Mr. Sewerd was read, acknowledging the receipt of the resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce concerning the destruction of American vessels by pirates, who he says, are sent from the shores of a friendly nation. in violation of he restrictions of municipal and international laws. Mr. Seward further says that he has directed the attention of the American Minister in London-to the Subject.

The owners of the barqns Lanreata, which was burned by the Confederate steamer Alabama, have protested before the British and Portuguese Consuls m New York, on the ground that their European nationality was certified, by the Consuls? certificates, which were shown to Captain Sammes.

TIM CONUMDERkM STATES.

The llirhoiend Wing states that the other of the Secretary of War to enrol conscripts between eighteen and forty-five years of age is. unpopular, if not odious, among a large class of the Southern people.

Some Texan alaveowners are shipping their slaves to ffavannah for sale in the slave markets of Cubs.

snecnLnarnovs.  -

Horatio Seymorir, the Democratic candidate for Governor, has been elected in the State of NowYork by a majority of 10,000 votes. The cities of New York and Brooklyn gave him 40,000 majority. In the State, nineteen Democrats and twelve Republicans were elected to

Cre" The adjoining State of New Jersey voted the Democratic ong  In Illinois, the President's State, the

ticket b~ a large majority.

Democrats have obtained a majority of 10,000. On the other hand, Governor Andrew end the Republicans have triumphed in Maserohusetto, although Boston, like the other large cities, voted for the Opposition. This ensures the re-election to the Senate of Mr. Charles Sumner. In Michigan the Republicans have also triumphed. In Wisconsin the numbers are 00 close that it is as yet impossible to say which party has gained the day. The Republicans attribute their defeat to the absence of their voters at the seat of war and to the popular discontent at the inaction of General M'Clellan, The elections were conducted without disorder.

A. three hours' discussion on the negro question has been held m the Cooper Institute, New York, between George Francis Train and Major-General Caeoius Clay. The former took the preolavery and the latter the anti-slavery side. The audience was about equally' divided; but Mr. Train's superior debating power gays bun the

advantage on the rostrum.

General suggestions are being put forward to send from New York, voluntary contributions, in cargoes of grain, for the relief of distress in Lancashire.
THE PROPOSED MEDIATION IN AMERIOA.

flcS RaPport's GoweiCtOceet have published the reply which they have returned to the likeoeh deopatrh propoatog a joint offer of mediation in America. We gave to ?or Town Edit l onloat week an obstruct of this able Slate paper. It tools perOpic000ely with the reasons assigned in the dospotcb of p.c. Drocyn ,le tilcoys. Furl Russell recogniem the good Intentions, of the Emperor in making his offer, and he agrees with him that in any nceooore of the kind which it eeaytedesirable to adopt it is extremely deslrehlethat ltnmth should he associated with England andFrance. Up to the preoonttlme,hewever, the queen's qoi'ernmoat hsireuot been informed that the Government of Russia.

have agreed to co-operate with the Western maritime Powers for the pccrpoeu of mediation. The trot and thief question, however, is-Whether the pre posed end con be occomphehod icc the way indicated by the French Emperor? flee Majesty's Government have deliberated anxiously on this onhjoci, and, after weighing all the information which they have rocoivod from from America,

they ore led to the cenoluolen that there is no ground at the present moment to hope that the Federal Government would accept the proposal suggested; and a refusal from Washington, at is remarked, would prevent any speedy renewsi of the utter. The course wbaoh appears bout in the eyes of the Britioh government is, to watch carefully-the progress of opinion in America, and to take advantage of the fret favourable opportunity offered by a choose to

tender friendly counsel.

Prince Qnrteekslouff'e reply to the note of 1 1. do Lhnyo hue been

published In the St. Foferabarf /curuel. Russia alco declines to enter on the proposed combined measure of mediation, on the ground that If presented In

;ofilobal character there would be a risk of arriving at a result opposed to :acation. Prince tiurtochakuff promises, however, that if Francs and England thocild agree to a combined action the Russian tlevernmcnt will lead, if nut official alt, at leant its mural support to favour of their efforts.

The b'uedcor says the replies of the Cabinets of London and St. Petersburg

are a more adjournment of the question of mediation, based on the interact

position of America, and expresses tie belief that the hesitation of the two Cabinets has nearly reached fee limit.

The present population of the city of San Francisco 10 estimated

m follows:-Men, 32r00; women, 11,000; children, 11,000; Chinese, 1003;

ucgr000, 1000; Seating population, 7001: total, 00,130.

The British and Foreign Anti-Slavery Society have loaned an

address with a view of rolling forth public sympathy in this country with the emancipation party so the Federal States of America. The South h charged with hsvlog deolgonGy provoked war for the sole purpose of founding a ecuiodarsey to perpetuate slavery
We do not suppose that any offence has been given to the French Government by the refusal of Lord Russell to interfere in the American struggle. Doubtless the Emperor know beforehand that his application would be made in vain. The despatches have been promptly published, and the French press affects to treat our reply as a mere postponement. We shall lock curiously to see how it is received in Ainarieo. In all probability it will be interpreted as an indication of our malicious wish that the war should go on, or else we shall be complimented upon our prudence in net taking the liberty of advising the cessation of a war which we notoriously stirred up and are feeding with the gold of our aristocracy. Meantime there is not any American news of interest except the reports as to the elections, the principal one-that for New York-having resulted in a grand triumph for those who in an American sense may he called Conservatives. Other victories have also fallen to the Democrats, and their antagonists are driven to exult in the feet that, let public opinion be what it may, Mr. Lincoln and his friends are irremovable. There are, however, rumours of Ministerial changes. General M'Olellan was advancing at last and pouring his force into Virginia, the Confederates apparently making but slight resistance. They may have chosen their own battle-ground. The Alabama continued to sink burn, and destroy, and to excite something more than indignation he the North, which called on the Government to send out a strong naval force to captors her, If, as is reported, she has been burning an English vessel, it is not improbable that orders to our own squadron may save Mr. Lincoln some trouble.
PRESXIDENT L1INCOLN'S COUP-D'ETAT.

I is with Obie reason supposed that there is a. growing body of I

persons in _the States of America which looks at every political and military- rxovement of either of the contending parties from what ' called a mediation point of view. But it is quite certain that in, this country every one, whatever maybe his proo1iviLie, wheth he inclines to the North or t the South scans

eagerly every act of importance which is reported in order, if, possible, to extract from it ome hope, however faint or remote, of a pause in the terribly sanguinary arhitrement to which the differences between Federals and Confederates have been referred. To say' the truth, the' news of American battles has lost much of-- Its interest, since it 'has been invariably found that nothing 'decisive ever comes of them, and that man
kind in general are by no means accurately informed as to

which side even ostensible victory has inclined. Many of those who must gather- their 'opinions from such accounts as they. receive o stricken fields are now apt to think that the resultiess character of this internecine war has become confirmed, and that the questions involved are not 'very likely to be soon settled by the rude process of fighting. It is, therefore, not
surprising that more attention has been recently fixed on the elections which have been going on in the Federal States, and 'which are a kind of battles that Englishmen of the present generation understand bettor than the gladiatorial combats of hundreds of thousands of armed men, the object of which seems to be, or at least the result of which is, only the slaughter of so many of the combatants on either side. It is quite intelligible how the return to Congress and to the offices and Legislatures of the different Federal States of men who belong to a party which, if it has a creed, is opposed, we will not say to the policy, for that word in the sense in which we use it ii hardly expressive of the sources of political movement in America, but to the personal presence in the Presidential chair of Mr. Lincoln, would seem to us on this side of the water to have assumed the aspect of a 'rote of want of confidence - in the Government. In our own more concentrated mode of conducting the business of the State this would have been done by a vote of the House of Commons directed against the Ministry in office, and would have brought new men into their places and raised hopes of the inauguration of a new policy. There is, however, no means that we know of by which a President of the United States can be called onto resign because of the expression of opinion by an elective majority condemnatory of his mode of .onclucting the affairs of the country. No such sudden fall from power can come on Mr. Lincoln except by his own act or by the exorcise of something akin to physical force. But it would be very strange if the fact of strong reaction in public opinion, as indicated by a series of elections carried on avowedly on the principle of Lincolnism or no Lincolnism, did not create an uneasy sense of insecurity at Washington. There has been, doubtless, due counsel taken by the President and his advisers as to how they might best guard themselves from the danger which threatens them. In such a case one of the first steps taken by men who, in a certain sense, are beleaguered, is to eject from amongst them any of their number who, wielding power, are not deemed hc'artwhole in their cause. This is one of the first symptoms of preparation for aef once, and it has not been wanting in the care of the Executive at Washington. The first symptom of alarm has been duly exhibited by the deposition of General M'Clellan from the command of the army in the field, which is really face to face with the Southern forces, a circumstance which would have been of little consequence before the recent elections, but wbich now is full of significance.  -

 This act, if it means anything, signifies that the autliosities at Washington are conscious that, the party of which they are the representatives is no longer triumphant, and that while Mr. Lincoln continues to hold power, it may be in defiance of opinion, it is necessary that he should

-use it in every way for the purposes and the support of the cause of which he s the outward and visible sign. We in this country are generally in a somewhat foggy state on the subject .1 American parties; and, few of us comprehend exactly what

is meant by the terms Republican and Democrat. If the latter is interpreted by the word Conservatism we believe it goes as

rear to its meaning as it can be brought; but it has a strange

sound to our cars when used in that sense. It would seem, bewever, that the Democrats are the party of Jaw and order; earnest for the preservation of the Union, if it can be preserved by legitimate and constitutional means; and up to the present time they have not been opposed to war as a means of conserving the grand federation of the United States. The Republicans, as we understancithem, areabolitionists of slavery and Unionists at any cost and by any means, and therefore they are supporters of all the recent acts of the Executive at Washington, which have made Old-World despotism and European states of siege hide their diminished heads. Hitherto, the Democrats have not been a peace party; but it is believed that they are fast coming to that conclusion, and, are-we will mot say drifting-but being driven into the consciousness that separation between North and South is inevitable, and that it would be better to yield their wishes for the totality of the Union in order that anarchy might not become chronic in their

 will be attained in which the small voice of reason and of

the Lidian summer has arrived, and it will afford opportunity

than a victory, which should ruh the power of the South. Hence his dilatory proceedings, his apparent dallying with the war, his reluctance to measure his strength at all opportunities with the foe before him, and the conduct of the campaign in Virginia, which ended in the withdrawal of the Northern troops from aggressive action in the territory of their opponents. In short, the accusation must be summed up in the simple phrase that lifClellan was a traitor. For our own part, we believe nothing so decided of him. He is a mediocre man, a doctrinaire in a military as well as a political sense, who might have been well employed in finding recruits at Washington, but who was wholly unfitted by temperament or quality to be placed in the situation of a General on whose activity, resource, and military genius so uch depended.

It is tree that the extreme section of the Northern party has long been demanding his deposition from the command of the army of the Potomac; and it may be true that on more than' one occasion the President has personally written to his General, remonstrating with him for his military conduct; and there may also be truth in the statement of General Halleck, of something like positive disobedience to orders by M'Clellan, and which is put forward as the ostensible reason of his -recall; but there axe few impartial persons who will not hold that the real cause of his removal lies deeper, and that the sudden action of the President has been prompted by a very excusable alarm at the turn which political affairs have taken. If all that is stated be fact, the President was long ago satisfied that MCClellan ought to be removed, and, if so,-his being retained could only have been a temporising with that feeling of insecurity which has culminated in an act almost of desperation, The quiet submission of M'Clellan to his relegation, with something of ignominy, into private life, when, if his partisans are to be credited, he might have set himself up as a military dictator and brought the affairs of his country to a settlement, is characteristic of the man, whom a mixture of constitutional principle and timidity renders wholly unequal to the adopting of the part.which has been played before now in the civil convulsions of a nation by the bead of an army. Despite of some peculiarly American talk with regard to him, we venture to prophecy that the world has heard the last of M'Clellan as a public man.  -

The appointment of General Buruside to the command of the Northern army is perhaps the best that could be made. He is by profession a soldier, and he has been tolerably successful in some small affairs in which he has been engaged. But, whatever his military capabilities may be, what seems to be certain is that he has undertaken the command of the army of the Potomac on the condition of meeting the enemy in the field; that his tactics are to be the opposite of those of his predecessor. It seems likely, therefore, that ore long a state of things will be attained in which the small voice of reason and of good sense, which is very faintly heard in America now, will swell into a demand for peace and negotiation. We hear that that peculiar season of the American continent which is called the Indian summer has arrived, and it will afford opportunity for General Burnside to do anything he proposes to do; and if a great battle is fouaiot, whatever may be its result in a military sense, we have a confident hope that its effects on the public mind in the States will be what we should call satinlactory-that is, it will produce such a pause in the action of he war as to allow the suggestions of reason and common ;eoase to be listened to, coining, as they will, from an unlookedor quarter-namely, from the majority of the American people themselves.
To the Democrat patty General M'Olellan avowedly belongs. When he took the command-in-chief of the army of the North such a position was quite consistent with the principles of his party, and he might well have believed that he was best serving

its views by endeavouring to create an army out of the armed

snob which he found at Washington. Whatever other merit nay be denied him, and we do not profess to hold his qnalitie

:as a General in the field at all high, at least he must be

.gtiowed the credit of having done much towards that organi. cation of a huge mass of men called an army, the absence o+ whiuh in general has been the main element of all the disaster

of this unhappy war. But it was not unreasonable for the President and his advisers to suppose that the change which had gowe over MOlellan's party would reach hint, and this at the rnost,critieal moment of the contest. In fact, it is on all 9iands. allowed that he held the issue of the struggle in his Thsnds ;, and4hat, once more in the history of the world, the Gcoeral of. an1army might have been the arbiter of the fortunes of his, country. That an attempt to remove him from his cootenipdshonldhave been made is not surprising; and the moral courage.which dictated and carried it out is not undeserving *f admiration.

The ctse of the epub]ioans against M'Clellan, however, goes fuith 1au that wtioh we have stated above. They say that, as i pcilitlian his sapathies have always been with the South, end that ha has belieyed that party wronged by Northern sentiment and Northern action that he hoped and believed that a time would come when the war could be arrested, and when the Southern leaders, backed by a powerful party in the Northern States, would listen to terms o$ accommodation; and that notbhag WQ14c1MUdUa the way of sqek' a compromise mere
-  AeLERICA.

y the arrival of the steamer Bohemian we ore in receipt of

telegrams from brew York to the evening of the 14th inst. WAR veawo.

On the 7th trot, the order relieving General M'Olellan from the

command of the Army of the Potomac was received at head

u-garters The order was deliveredto the displaced General by Gerneral c1dn;bnnn. On its receipt the command was handed ever to General ]3iarnuide. On retiring he issued the following farewell order:

Officers end tohiioeo of the Army of the Potoou,e,-Ao order of the l'reaideet devolves upon MajorGeses'of iloesoide the command of this army. in porting with you I Cannot express the love and gratitude I bear to you. As no corny you have grolvo, op under icy care. In you I have sever found doubt or coldness. The hattlee you have fought under my command will proudly live in our notion's loistery. The glory yon have achieved, our mutual penile sod fatigues, thoauveo of our comrades fallen in battle and by disease. the booken forms of 0100cc whom wounds and siekoses have disabled, the strangest nanociatioso winch can exist among men, unite us still by an. i,o,ils. soluble tie. We shell over be comrades in supporting the Conoiitntion of our ceontoy and the nationality of its people.

The army made no panteieclor demonstrations in behalf of its late

Cocomnoder. `1101- 11 Warrenton Junction, the troops crowded

round him end demanded a few parting words. He said, in reopunss to thin appeal, "I wish you to stand b7 General Burneide as you have steed by me, and all will be well. Good-by." General leL'Clellan retires from active service, and intends to reside at Trenton, Now Jersey. On his way thither he was everywhere received with marks of approval, Large numbers of persons have gone to Trenton to pay their respects to the General. At a serenade given in his honour he made a speech, in which he saidideat whilst the army was fighting the citizens should Fee that the wax was prosecuted for the preservation of the Union, the Constitution, and their own nationality and rights. Two of his Staff officers have been arrested and sent to Washington. The charges againet them are unknown,

 General urnside, the new (Jommender5 isa Rhode Islander, about forty-one years of age, and a Democrat in politics. The Republican journals pronounce themselves infavour of the change; but theflemoerotic ergone and party regard M'Olelloan as a victim. General Burneide hue issued an address to the army, in which he says he accepts the command 'with didenee , but with confidence in the patniotlnm of the army. His army has already advanced to FayetteWile, four units from ltappahonnock station.

In order to strengthen the grounds for M'OIaIian'e removal a correspondence between General ifallOak and the Secretary for War has been poblielecd, in which the former states that he issued peremptory orders to General M'OleUan on ilea 6th of October to cruel the Potomac and give tattle to the enemy or drive him south. General ]sl:'Olol]en did cut obey this order, on the ground that he was short of supplice. General Ilsilcek and Quartermaster-General Meige assort that General M'C]elleafs requisitions were promptly supplief, and that there was nothing to prevent him advancing. The Rerpor's Ferry Investigating Committee have oonseared M'Oleflsn for marching only six roles a day in pursuit of the enemy.

No confirmation has been received of the reported surrender of 3313

Conlef crates at Plymouth, North Carolina.

Over 300 Scour Indians have been convicted by the military coinanireicn no rosticoynt ore in the late massacres, and are condemned to be banged. Whether they live or die rests with the authorities at Wsehingtcn. The people of Minnesota, to a man, are in favour of their immediate execution.

The repent of iron-clad vessels being built in Ehsagland for the Confederates has aroused apprehensions for the safety of New York harbour. Measures are being taken for its security.

owe coieuumgiaopz STArEs.

Meraroso No.2 is completed, and is belowFort Darling,sesiiy for sea.

General Deoiregard has ordered oIL slaves and non-combatants to leave Charleston. -

The Confederate General Bragg had been put under arrest, and superseded by General Johoeton. Bragg's derehotlone lathe ]ffentnoky campaign were the came of his arrest.

main  of Georgia announces that the union of the diocese of

Texas, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, the Carolinas, and 'Virginia a., completed, under the name of the Confederate States of America. The first general council will meet at Augusta.

PEB5ONAL,

Paul leforphy, the celebrated Southern ehoseplayor, has left New

Orleans for Havannah where he is giving the usual display of his

marvellous powers. e was about to sailfor Oeoiio cia board a Spanoah steamer.

Lord Lyons left New York for Washington on the 11th oust.

General Fromont has been ordered to report himself for duty. -

Archbishop Hughes has written a letter to Mr. Soward, in which

he says that America should be prepared, for there is no love far her on the other side of the Atlantic. Generally fpsaking, he says, the United States ore ignored, if not deapased, in sairepe; treated, of in cenvereatien in the some contemptuous language that Americans might employ towards the inhabitants of the Sandwich Tol,ande or VancouvorIeland, -
Captain Muflan, of the United States army, commandr of

the Columbia and Mfeoenrl overiand route expedition, has returned borne after a five yearn absence. He has been employed in constructing a military and emigrant road from the bead waters of the Columbia Ztiver to those of the Hieogerl, eoreee the fterkybtountaiou and through the territories of Wauhiugten end Decotoh. The rod .passes throogh large traote of rich agricultural lend. Iluteneive deposits of geld were dl-red in the valleys, and iron, copper, lead, end neat were found along the read.
