I

CAPTAIN SEMMES.

Tim people of the Confederate States of America, who have so marvelously improvised an army and generals to command it, have not been equally successful in creating a navy. The officer who, as captain of the Sumter and Alabama, has most distinguished himself in the naval service of the Confederates is Captain Seinmes, whose portrait, engraved from ajthotograph furnished us by Mr. Ferranti, of Sandon-terrace, ljpper Duke-street, Liverpool, we give on our first page. Before the secession of the Confederate Slates Captain Semmes was an officer of a subordinate grade (a lieutenant, we believe) in the United States' naval service. He is a man about fifty years of age spare in person, and possessed of a large share of activity, so essential for one engaged in hazardous enterprises such as his are.

FOREIGItT AND COLONIAL NEWS.

A!OIEPICA.

By the arrival of the steamer City of Baltimore we have telegram¿

to the evening of the 22nd nit.

Win NEWS.

General Buruside, after consulting with General H&lieok, has deter

mined to advance on Richmond by way of Fredericksburg. His army

occupies the north side of the ilappahannock, confronted by the Confederates on the south bank. General Sumner has demanded from the Mayor the surrender of the city, and insisted that the inhabitants should cease aiding the Confederates. He declared that if the cit

was not surrendered in sixteen hours he should shell it. The mimelpality replied that the inhabitants would cease assisting the Confederates, but 'would not surrender the city. They also complained of the short time allowed for the removal of women and children. The Confederate General Longetreet is encamped outside Frederiokebur, and a battle is expected for possession of the city.. The Confederates are planting batteries along the south side of the Rappabannook to prevent the Federals from crossing.

The roads in Virginia are in bad condition, owing to the recent copious rains.

General Burnside has officially informed the War Department f2s&

no resignations of officers in the old army of General M'OIeUau had been tendered, and, that everything is going on as smoothly as could be expected.

Accounts from Kansas said Florida give details of engagomstItO

between the rebels and United States' negro troops, in which the latter behaved with distinguished coolness and courage, and achieved decided successes. The result of these experimental fights is 'VO

encouraging to the Federal Government.

General Butler had visited the British steamer Binaldo, at Nevi Orleans, A brisk engagement has occurred above Brashear City, up the River Teche, in Louisiana, between Federal and Confederate gulLboats, the latter assisted by batteries on the shore.

The Southern journals state that the Federals attacked St. Mary'W Georgia, but were repulsed. The Federals, being unable to land, destroyed the town by gun-boats.

The steamer California, with a cargo of cotton from Mobile, bag been captured by Federal cruisers. The steamer Kate has arrived at Nassau with a cargo of cotton.

Upwards of a hundred thousand Federal troops are on the sick-list.

The Southern journals estimate the Confederate loss by disease and

battles, during the last ten months, at 75,000 men.

EiWSCIPATION IN nouxerarrA.

A letter from New Orleans to the editor of the New York Times, dated the 8th nIt., writes thus of the state of the negro population in Louisiana;
The appearance of the Federal trespa baa put an end to oil work among the neareer, and seet a majority of the planters dying for their flora with nndisgeared fear. A few remain and welcome the Federal troopa; hub the negroes, onforiunately, ore demaralieed by the example around them, and the loyal proprietors suffer with the rest.

The same letter records that when a Federal expedition advanced to Denaidaonxille, eighty miles from New Orleans by the Mississippi, and thence to Thibcdeou, thirty miles up the Latouohe Mrs. Braag ('wife of the Confederate General), who had been left alone on tRe V I tation belonging to her huzband, sent word to Lieut.-Colonel

a4 er that she would like a guard to protest her property from devastation. The request was complied with, but the guard arrived too late. The knowledge that the Federals were coming had reached the negroes on the estate, and they took advantage of the opportunity to break open the closets, invade the bureaus, rip open the feather and moos beds in search of treasure, and otherwise destroy the furniture in the various rooms. Another letter says:

I was on the river yesterday, visiting several large plantations, whence every negre had run away, after pillaging his master o plantation and house. item was everywhere. Allen had 310 nogroee, of whom not one remains, and of cenree the standing canoe will all be loot. So with every plantation in the

vicinity  Across the bayou, opposite our camp, there is a most

remarkable and picturesque assemblage of ever 1001 negroes2 of all Sires, ages, and tints. There they are holding high carnival. Having seized their mentors' carts, private carriages, horses, melee, &o. with plenty of sheep, poultry, and bread, they are enjoying their freedom far the first time with a veogeenre. It is one of the quaintest and most laughable sights in the world to see the big negraro lafllug back in the carriages, driven along the road by one of their own coleur.

csczianous.

General M'Clellan had arrived at New York. He was serenaded at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, and made an unimportant speech to a large concourse of Democrats amid much enthusiasm. His staff officers have been released from arrest.

One Albert Horn, guilty of fitting out the slave steamer City of

Norfolk, has been sentenned in New York to five years' imprisonment.

The Federal Government having ordered the sale by public

auction of the library oapnrqd by the Federal troops at Dsaufort, South Carolina, the New York press protested against such an mob of "Vandalism," sl3d caused the withdrawal of the notices of sale.

The newspaper proprietors of Philadelphia have hold a meeting, and agreed to combine for the protection of their interests in view of the heavy advance in the price of paper, materials, ftc. An insraaos in the charge for subscription or a reduction in the size of the papers is proposed.

Mr. Mason Jones, the popular Irish orator, was lecturing in Irving Hail, New York, on the subject of "Join Phil Carran," to a crowded and fashionable audience, chiefly of Irish descent. Having occasion to quote a speech of Currsn's on Universal Emancipation, and Cowpsr's lines, which commence "Slaves cannot breathe in England," a portion of the audience roes in indignation and covered the orator with insults. After an interregnum of disorder, which the orator's partisans euooeeded in terminating, he was allowed to conclude in peace, on condition that he atccred clear of the dangerous subject.
/THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

LONDON., 84ru!w4.r. O.gCEMBRR 6, 1862.

Seven hundred thousand men, according to the Federal organs, are now in arms against the Confederates. Making' the deductions which we have been taught to make from all American statistics, we may assume that the North has nearly half a million of soldiers of sil kinds. It seems almost beyond belief that great results should not follow the assemblage of such armaments, and yet the whole war has been a lesson against expectations of such results. At the dispatch of the last mails it was believed that the new Commander of the Potomac Army was likely to engage the Confederates near Fredericksburg. There is no other news, save that the Alabama continued to incense the minds of the Northerners, and that the papers, by way of pleasing the populace, were pandering to the evil feeling against England, and urging that the vessel which causes such havoc and terror is really an Engibli vessel. We are menaced, as usual, with the most awful castigation
when the rebellion shalt be put down; and a foreiga war j

deliberately pointed out by Mr. Raymond, of the Are, y

Times as the best cure for domestic dissensious
'Mao 1oejngE_

In reply to the complaints sent to the Foreign Office from

Liverpool respecting the destruction of British property on board Federal vessels captured by the Confederate wax-steamer Alabama, Earl Russell states that the owners of such property-not contraband of war, of course

most seek compensation in a Southern Prize Court.

At the Washington Post-office, among the contents of the

mail from the ramp there recently cams to light on article quite unsxpecttd

a human finger. It had, belonged to a soldier, had been amputated after a

battle, was dried by the man, and then dispatched by pest to a friend. Being

mslosed in a newspaper the packet was suspected of being liable to letter postage, and was opened at Washington, and the finger felt out, whether to be restored or sent to the Dead Letter Office is net stated.
The - newly-formed Emancipation Society has issued a

address, with the object of evoking an unequivocal expression of English feeling in favour of the Federal States of America. The principal object of this society, as explained by its promoters, is to make it everywhere perceived and confessed, by the force of indisputable testimony, that the South is fighting for the preservation of slavery, while the North is fully committed, to the destruction of the inhuman system and they therefore urge that Englishmen should encourage the friends f abolition in America by all the means in their - power.
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Bins we are in receipt of news to the 29th alt.

WAR NEWS.

General Buruside has not yet proceeded to the bombardment of

Predericksburg. His head-quarters are near Acquia Cre%2f. the

Potomac. President Lincoln had visited the latter at Belle  and

made a personal investigation into the condition of the army. The railroad is completed from Accjuia Creek to the head-quarters of the Federal army.

President Davis has ordered the Confederate General commanding the Mississippi department to demand the surrender of the Federal General M'Niel for murdering ten Confederate oltisens of Missouri. If this is refused, and the charges are proved to be true, the Confederate General is instructed to execute the rat ten Federal officers that are captured.

The Confederates have -erected extensive fortifications at Port

Hudson, on the Mississippi, 160 miles from New Orleans, commanding the entrance to the river.  -

The negro regiment in South Carolina has again been under axe. A correspondent thus describes their behaviour:

¥ Three companies left Beaufort in two steamers, going to. Doboy Sound,

Georgia and remaining there a week, returning with 2OO,OOlfi of the beet Georgia pine lumber, sawed and ready for use. iThie was taken from Ratkines, Todda', and Blue's mills, on the mainland, directly in face of the rebels, who gave the black soldiers an opportunity to test their pluck on shore, as they had previously on a tug-boat, where they fought with the advantage of a partial barricade. While most of the negroes were engaged in loading the steathers with lumber, the company of Captain Janus advanced on a reconnaissance, and were opened upon with musketry by the rebels from a position in anihsli. The negroes deliberately returned the fire; and, drawn up. In line of battle. kept up a fusillade, maintaining their ground until, by the alit of the guns of the steamers and those of their convoy, the gun-boat Hailgie, the enemy were dislodged. Three of the coloured soldiers were wounded, one so seriously that his arm must be amputated. The officers of these men express the,peshest confidence in their fighting qualities.

 The Federal Government has issued an order for the release of all

peisoners held in military charge for discouraging the enlietmenta and opposing the draught. All persons arrested in the rebel States for hostility to the Federal Government will be released on parole or allowed, to leave the country. This does not, however, refer to persona who have been in arms against the Government.

President Lincoln has ordered the Attorney-General to take mea

sures for carrying out the Confiscation Act.

The Legislature of Georgia has voted 500,000 dolS, for obstructions

to be placed in all the navigable streams of Georgia.

The Nassau Guardian asserts that Admiral Wilkes had threatened

to enter Nassau without the permission of the Governor, but that be afterwards bore away and lay at the distance of a marine league from. the shore. The same journal states that the captain of the Federal steamer Oetorora had, infringed the Queen's proclamation in capturing a schooner within the Abao Beef.

Several officers of General Meagher's brigade haying sent in their

resignations in consequence of the removal of General M'Olellan. General Meaghar has issued a highilown order disapproving the conduct of these officers. The order contains the following passage:

Commending a brigade composed principally of Irish soldiers, the Brigadier

General considers it not out of place to remind them that the great error of the

:risli people in their struggle for an independent national existence has hem

their passionate and blind adherence to an individual instead of a principle or cause. Thus for generations their heroic efforts in the right direction have been feverish and spasmodic, when they should have been oontluuoue, equable, end consistent. The placing on the public records the resignations referred in would have renewed in the history of this country, to the disparagement of our race, this fatel error, of a nature which is at once so vehement and so weak, so faithful and yet so wayward. so variable in great undertakings, and yet so persistent in those leasir ones which merely concern a chief, a prince, or the favourite political leader of the day.

The advance of General Grant in Mississippi has released-about 200,000 balsa of cotton. Some of the staple lies in the storehouses unginned, just as the negroes left it after picking, while the largeg part of it is still on the plantations. The contrabands, who aresll thronging into General Grant's lizes by hundred are to be set to work to gather this valuable, crop for the benefit of the. Federal Government.

fISOnnL4NEoTs.

The New York press of both thepolitical pe.rtiea criticise the o$oi&I

correspondence on the subject of the proposed mediation in an unf a 'vovarable tone towards France and England, while they find occasion to laud the conduct of the Government of St. Petersburg. -

The Hew York- Ts-Il,une asserts that it is reported on high authority

from Washington that the British Admiral Mime is in pursuit of the

Confederate Steamer Alabama.

The Boston newspaper proprietors have raised the price of their journals 50 per cent, in consequence of the rise in the price of every article that.enters into the composition of anewepapor. The NswYoth Times predicts that the New York press will have to do the same, an they are now giving to the public for two cents 'what costs them four or five to produce.

Mr. Mason Jones has again delivered his oration on C=an before a New York ,audience. On this occasion the native American element preponderated in the composition of the audience. Curran's fine piece of declamation concerning universal emancipation was received with loud applause, unmingled with any signs of disapprobation.

Mrs. Edwin James has died a complaint in the New York Courts

for a divorce from her husband on the charge of adultery.
oenceai lctCIellan has refused a pscblio roeption in New York, Thenkegiving Day was celebrated tbreughout the North on she 27th 5it. Contributions was received he the ehurchea of the Atlantic cities for the Lancashire operatives.

Tim RIittacti& MOSOJIEUTOS, a North American pereniel

plant of the order Msivceece, has received the noose of Aeoorieeeo jute, frost the nature of its fibre, aithoegle It belongs to a different order. Specimens of this fibre In rooters stages of manufacture have been eeneetl.e' laid before the t'raeileilo instltele, Pleilseletphtn. This plant is teeehgeeeee to the Northern States, growing in ebesrednure in the csveaeejey laredo at Pennsylvania. New

Jeraer, he. A patent line been taken out by 31a AV. 3. Osciete far its applica-tion lathe msuelattcre of paper, ropes, and various labeler hitherto made of cotton. Me. ]Jeeeeoo, -who eebmltted the Specimens to the Institute, stated that ropermrelcet-a had estimated the thee to to worth itt) dollars a ton be a seebetltrta fur rage, need eepemskcre treloee rope scenic from it to Or equal to that mode from hmep and superior to that made frees feirnIlta jote. He eoceweeotrd, meens other advantages, that the plants required no care after the fleet proc's planting, that the ground they grow as to werthteera for alt agrieeiteerei pursuits, that the machinery required to work it to of she ntmpleo,t Character, ire.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LONDON, SATURDAY, DEC!fZfBEJl 13, l86.

Tni tone of the American Federal papers upon England' refusal to join in an attempt at mediation is as unfriendly as might have been expected. Some writers say that we were afraid to interfere, others that we rejoice in the war because it tends to weaken the Union. Nor are the comments of such of the Southern papers as have reached its much more civil, and there is an evidence of disappointment at our declining to take a course which would have implied a recognition of the Confederate States. For all this, and more, we were of caurse prepared. It is most csutial that Englishmen should keep their heads quite cool in relation to American affairs, and should make no demonstrations that may lead us into mistakes, to be retracted hereafter. The real question is very simple, however much interested partisans may seek to complicate it.. We have no sympathy with those who are seeking to ertish a nation that desires to be isolated; ve have no sympathy with a nation that upholds the atrocious. system of slavery. But. we admire the valour displayed on both sides, and we lament the cruel and useless sacrifice of life. That is the English standpoint, and we ar neither to be menaced, cajoled, nor taunted into abandoning it. W have now to deplore the appearance of a new and hideous feature in the war. The recent militaiy murders of citizens by the Federal troops have produced a demand by the Confederate President that the oicer who perpetrated those crimes 'shall. be delivered up to him, and in default Mr. Davis has ordered the hanging of the next ten Federal officers captured in Kentucky. Agaiesl such savageness nfl nations should protest, and it is clearly for Mr. Lincoln's Goverment to set itself right with the world by a signal act of justice. We do not hear much that is explicit as to the movements or intentions of the armies, but a "secret" Federal expedition (of the object of which the Confederates are no doubt well informal) W.5 about to be launched, possib1y,in aid of the movement 0*
Richmond. Over and over again the inhabitants of Froderieks- r

beergh have been told that

Soon they should he. the firalook pratu1og Soon should the noloy cannon toni,

Soon shonid. the shells in showeroouie rattling, Sputtered on high by the jolly bunch.

ut up to the lst advices the bombardment had not taken place, for "sucing reasons." A day of thanksgiving for what to the less subtle minds in America do not seem very great gains, and the liberation of political prisoners, complete the tale of Transatlantic news. -
FO1EIOV AND 0020.YIAE .YEWS.

PRESIDENT LINCOLN'S MESSAGE.

3w the ani'eai of %106 ity of Washington we are in receipt of Now

York journals to th mat. They contain the President's.

Message and the reports of the different Departments which were made to Congress on Dec. 1, being the day of its reassembling. The President's Message treats diet of

FOREIGN AFFAIRS.

With reference to these, he says

If the condition of our relations with other nations is less gratifying than It has usually been at former periods, it is certainly more satisfactory than i nation so unhappily distracted as we are might reasonably have apprehended. In the niouthof June last there were some grounds to expect the maritime Powers; which at the beginning of our domestic difficulties so unwisely and unnecessarily, as we think, recognised the insurgents as a belligerent, would soon recede from that position, which has proved only less injurious to themselves than to our own country. But the temporary reverses which afterwards be.fel the national arms, and which were exaggerated by her own disloyal citizens abroad, have hitherto delayed that set of simple justice. The civil war, which has so radically changed for the moment the occupations and habits of the American people, has necessarily disturbed the social conditions and effected very deeply the prosperity of the nations with which we have. carried on a commerce that has been steadily increasing throughout a period of half a century. It has at the same time excited political ambitions and apprehensions which have produced a profound agitation throughout the civilised world. In this unusual agitation we have forborne from taking part in any controversy between foreign States, and between parties or factions in such States. We have attempted no propagendiani and acknowledged no. revolution; but we have left to every nation the exclusive conduct and management of its own affairs. Our struggle has been, of course, contemplated by foreign nations with reference less to its own merits than to its supposed and often exaggerated effects, and the consequence resulting to those relations. themselves. Nevertheless, complaint on the part of this Government, even if

 it were just, would certainly be unwise.

THE TREATY WITH GREAT BRITAIN.

The Treaty with Great Britain for the suppression of the African slave. trade has been put into operation with a good prospect of complete success.. It is an occasion of special pleasure to acknowledge that the execution of it on the port 01 her Majesty's Government has been marked with a jealous respect for the authority of the United States, and the rights of their moral and loyal citizens.

THE BLOCKADE ANn FOREIGN NATIONS.

A blockade of three thousand miles of sea-coast could not be established and.

vigorously enforced in a season of greet commercial activity like the pre

sent without committing occasional mistakes and Indicting unintentional

injuries open foreign nations and their subjects. A civil wise occurring

in a country where foreigners reside and carry on a trade under treaty

stipulations is necessarily fruitful of complaints of the violation of neutral rights. All such collisions tend to excite misapprehensions and poa

1bIy to produce mutual reclamations between nations which have a common

interest in preserving peace and friendship. In clear eases of these kinds I have, so far as possible, heard and redressed complaintS which have been pre eeuted by friendly Powers. There is, however, a large and augmenting number of doubtful cases upon which the Government is enable to agreawitb. the Governments whose protection is demanded by the claimants. Thsri are, moreover, many cases in which the United States or their citizens sufferwrongs from the naval or military authorities of foreign nations which the, Governments of these States we not at once prepared to redress. I heed proposed to some of the foreign SIn vs thus interested mutual conventions toexamine and adjust such complaints. This pro pceition has been made especially to Great Britain, to Prance, to Spain, and to Prussia. In each case It has been kindly received, but has not yet been formally adopted.

 The Preeidnt then refers to his favourite project for the vo1uutay emigration of the free negroes, and alludes to the negotiation 0! commercial treaties -with Liberia, Hayti, and Turkey.

RELATIONS WITH EUROPE AND ASIA.

Our relations with Great Britain, Prance, Spain, Portugal, Ilussla, Prussia, Denmark, Sweden, and Austria, the Netherlands, Italy, Bones, and the other European States remain undisturbed. Very favourable relations also continue to to maintained with Turkey, Morocco, China, and Japan.

RELATIONS WITH anNOy. AMERICAN STATES. During the lest year there has not only been no change of our previous

relations with the independent State, of our own continent, but more friendly

sentiments than have heretofore existed are believed to be entertained by=

neighbours whose safety and progress are so intimately cosine tea with our

own. This statement especially applies to Mexico, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Honduras, Peru, and Chili.

The President favours the project of the Atlantic telegraph-cable,.

and the cable for connectin San Francisco with the 'sire which is.

being extended over the Russian empire.  -

FINANCE.

The President recommends Secretary Chase's plan of driving out of circulation the existing banknote currency (estimated by the Secretary at 167,000,000 dols.) by a tax which should force the banks. to reorganise under a general Act of Congress, and receive inexchangefor their present corporation notes United States' notes based on a deposit by these institutions of United States' bonds.

Alter deducting the sums paid in redemption of the public debt, he reports that the actual expenditure for the fiscal year ending Ycme3O, 186'600'0

was, in round numbers, 475,000,000 dolo., and the receipts.

488oo dole., lea-wing a surplus in the treasury of 13,000,000 dole.

Of the receipts, 434,000,000 dole. were obtained by loans, 49,000,000 dole . for customs, and less than 2,000,000 dole, from theproperty andinoome tax. The smell balance of receipts is made up of a balance from 1861 and the incominge of minor taxes.

THE POST OFFICE.

The President reports that the secession of the Southern States has, greatly benefited this department by lessening its expenditures without decreasing its receipts. By virtue of these facts the annual deficit 'of this department has fallen from 4,500,000 dole, to 2,100,000 dole.

PUEXIO LANDS.

The sale of public lands has ceased to be a source of revenue Sinew the passage of the Free Homestead Act, which will come into operation on the 1st of January next.

The President alludes to the Indian troubles in the north-west,

favours the completion of the Great Pacific Railroad, and the enlarge

ment, for military and commercial reasons, of the New York and

Illinois Canals.- He asserts that the newly-created Department of

Agriculture is very active. The President devotes the concluding portion of his Message to the subject of disunion and emancipation. He reiterates his arguments against disunion. He says of the people of the north-west, "True to themselves, they will not ak whom a line of eearation shell be, but will vow rather that there shell be no such line,'
CotP5neS&TZD EWtOIPATX0N.

The President then proposes to Congress to adopt the following

amendments to the United States' Constitution:

Every State wherein slavery now exists which shall abolish the sauce therein

at any time or times before the let day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred, shall receive compensation from the United States as follows, to wit:

" President of the United States shall deliver to every such State bonds of the United States, bearing interest at the rate of - for each slave shown to have [been therein by the eighth census of the United States, said bends to be delivered to such State by instalments, or in one parcel, at the completion of the abolishment, accordingly as the same shall have been gradual, or at one time, within such State; and interest shall begin to run upon any such bend only from the proper time of its delivery as aforesaid, and afterwards soy Stab having received bonds as aforeeaidrand subsequently introducing or tolerating slavery therein, shall refund to the United States the bonds so received, or the value thereof, and all interest paid thereon.

All slaves who shall have enjoyed actual freedom by the chances of the war at any time before the end of the rebellion shall be for ever free; bat all owners of such who shall not have been disloyal shall be compensated for them at the same rates as are provided for States adopting abolishment of slavery, but in such a 'way that no slave shall b twice accounted for.
'ear. re appropriate mOiiry and otherwise provide for OOlsnlstng free

Persons, web their sores consent, at any place or PIP 038 without the

veiled Seaes. * a *  *

*

ooelotbig of these articles, is recommended not hot that restoration the national. authritr woaldieo accepted without its adoption,

e the war or proceedings under the proclamation of Sept. 22, lees,

eloped treasne of the recommendation 00 this plan. Its timely

peJoo, I dos5bt net, would bring reeteretlon, and thereby stay both. This Plan is etecemmended as a means, not in conclusion of, but additional . as Others for restoring end preserving the national authority throughout the UP, 021- The subject e 1 In Its economical tejevet. IV plan ,,oald, j urn confident, secure pence more speedily then can be done ,y cone aloud, vairile it would cost lose, oonoldering amounts and manner of and times of payment, end the amounts would be easier paid, than ,IU be the additional cost of tile war if we rely sOlely open force.

The oerecation of the Message is the following somewhat inartistic el rhetoric :

Ylew

y,pew.cltbeensc"O cannot escape history. We, of this Cengrom, will be reoeseeebered in 'phi of onrorives. No personal significance or inehgnlteonm to spore one, or another of us. The dory trial through which we puss will Sgld us down in honour or deeheoeonr to the latest geeeeratten. toe say that we urefor the Union. The world will not forgot that while we say this we do know hew to save the Union. The world knows we do know how to save We, even we here, held the power and bear the responsibility. In giving freelesa to the slave we assure freedom to the free, h000eernhle alike iu what

 e give and what we preserve. We ohall nobly save or meanly bee the loot

bed bepe of the earth. Other means may succeed. This coal d not fall. The

A to plain, peecofol, generous, joel-a way which, if followed, the world em for ever applaud and God moat forever bless.

TBE REPORT OF THE 5EOBBTAET 01' THE TflASLI&Y.

The Secretary begins by acknowledging that his estimates of the

exlioae during the past fisoal wear fell short of the reality. He

ejenstes that the public debt of the United states will amount or, the Jet of July next to 1,222 000,000 dole. The average rate of interest

the whole loan is 445 per cent: that post of et which consists of

the United States' small notes being practically a loan from the

pespleto their Government without interest. The expenses for the

current fiscal wear are set down at 788,600, 000 dale. Of this seem 180;600,000 dole. will be raised by taxation, and the rest by loans or emission of paper-money. Of the former amount Mr. chase expects 68,000r dole. from thd tariff, and 85,500,000 dola, from the direct tax. .e postage-stamp oserrenoy issued amounts to 3,886, 000 dols. It "mot be suvphed fast enough nor the public needs. he Secretory I' does not yield to the phantaey that taxation is a blessing, and debt e benefit:" but argues that the placing of the banks of the country wider the control of a central authority, with a uniform currency and stock basis, will consolidate the United Settee and weaken the

etivss for secession.

The proposed plan to recommended, finally, by the dim anchorage it will

supply to the onion of the States. Every banking association whose bonds treasury of the Union every individual who holds a

deposited in the by such deposit, every merchant, every

dollar of the circulation sec

 manufacturer, every farmer,. every mechanic Interested to transactions dependent for success on the credit of that circulation, will feel as an injury every attempt to rend the national unity, with the permanence and stability of which all their interests ore en closely and vitally connected. Had the opetentheen possible, and had it actually evicted two peers ago, ean it to deahtcd that the national interests end sentiments cnltsted bytt for the Union would have so strengthened the motives for adhesion derived from ether sources that the wild treason of secession would have been impossible,

The secretary finds room to say a word in favour of a uniform international decimal currency:

ThThelont report the Secretary took eemoiao to invite the ati iGiof-Congross to the importance of onifnrm weights, measures, end coins end to the worth of the decimal system in the commerce of the scored. Ito new ventures to suggest that the present demooetisatlon of geld may well he availed of for J the purpose of taking one considerable step towards these great ends. If the j halfeagle of the Union be made of equal weight and Oneness with the gold I sovereign of Great Britain, no sensible injory could possibly arise from the change, while, on the reoe,mptte,e of at eelo payments, its great advantages i would be felt in the eqoallencion of exchanges and ts eaewesleaee of mmesarne. This dot of the United Slates, enoreorer, might be followed by the adoption by Greet Britain of the i'rderrj decimal divisions of the coin, and I thus ae000t important advance night be secured ',awards an toternotiooal i colnoge, at :2 cetera ctcctaeeafl:- c C -1.

 I stores at the arsenals and dfpote. Re acknowledges the benefit ths army has derived from negro labour in Louisiana and South Carolina, and on the James and Potomac Ilivers. The demand for their labour hoe exceeded the supply available,

The greater part of the whole country, which formerly preslasodd the W.

island cotton, is now thoroughly restored to lice Union. 'flee labourers are

there--the soil and climate, it needs only assurance of protection to revive the cultivation of the ample me well as to produce vast quantities of earn end forage for oar troops. Since this war must be conducted by marches and bottles need 'leges, why neglect the beet means to make theses anceesotal and their results tecmsnont P It is worthyof notice thattimufar the portions 01 territory which, once recovered, we have most firmly had, are pe'eoiaely thv,o in which the greatest proportion of eeioenv,t noose are found. By their assistance our Grades will be able permanently to cpcrute leo and oeeapy the country; and in Icebear for the army, in robsteag its and their owes supplies, fall occupation can he given them, and with this there will be esoitisee' oressince bar lemnptaljoo to Of= to emigrate to a northern aced lees meegoelsel clientele.

sum IMPORT Or TEes Ogu.en-ocnjnp.

General Hallerk's report reveals the tiroumetanoes which led to the diemiaaej of General M'Cilellan, General M'Clallan, when at Harrison's Landing, demanded a reinforcement of 60 000 =an before marching on Richmond. General Ralleok could only premise 20,000. Under these circumstances General Halleok paws orders that the Army of the Potomac should evacuate the Peninsula on the 3rd of August and coalesce with General Pops at Acepiia Creek. General M'Olsllan pretested against this order, and did not obey it until after the lapse of eleven days. This delay caused the reverses of General Pope. "Had the army of the Potomac arrived a few days earlier the rebel army could Love been easily defeated and perhaps daatrsyod." The long inactivity of General M'Clellsn after the battle efAntistamisstrongly eongemnnd. General Ealleek represents that victories have been won by the troops, while the fruits thereof have been lost by the immobility of the commanding General. The superior celerity of the Confederate armies is admitted and commended, The army is wasted that it carries by far too muck baggage, and insists upon too many luxuries, to allow at to be speedily moved. The,praotiee of absenteeism, feaa-fsilly prevalent among effiesra and men, is reprobated, and mere atriupnt military

law" or the suppression of this offence are rsoonemgndeca. -
TIlE ltL1'QRO OT ME IECRETApcv on now NAVY, Secretary WeTilee begfne by referring to the soaoeosa of the blockade Cl in the following spit-steel bce-mn-- Since the commonecenrutnl 0110 rntieoe} doultdeeitor powerful aquadocos hove been collected, erganl,n-l,ao.i stationed for duty on our maritime frootiere with a rapidity and Rudder,- which tnt no approaeh to a parallel to pro- b vlaue naval history and whir-h It Is believed no ether country hot our own could have achieved. These eqeeoctoono hove been incessantly maintaining a c Strict blockade of such gigantic proportions 11)01 eminent foreign statesmen in the highest scenes of 1clolatloee slid not hesitate to denounce it as a "material impeeribility ' and yet, after this meet Imposing aavai smderlahfng had been for a peeled at eighteen months in operation, and after its reach had been effectively extended along the entire sweep of our Atlantic and Gulf coasts, from the outlet of the tihesapeaioe is the month of the Rio Grande, the sense eminent authorities, with a liet in their hands of all the vessels 'svlsitlo lead eroded or escaped the vigilance of our blockading forces, cenid not refuse in them official statements to admit with relaetontcandeen' thattheproef of Use clllciooey ef thehlockade waseonepicaeas ¡ and wholly caurlotive, and that in 'no previous war had the ports of an - enemy's country been, so effectually closed by a naval force. But even eosoh a testimony was not occolmi. The proof or Use foot ahooado to tho carstt price 01 of our Southern staples in the great commercial marts of the world, and more it especially in the whole thdosotrish and commercial Con ion of the insurgent a rogion. It should not be forgotten that no oiroomstaeocc to wanting to attest the magnitude at the greatest of all carol triumphs. The industrial necessities end the commercial cupidity of all the principal maritime nations, armed and empowered no they are by the ree0000ee of modern invention, are kept at hay. A moltilnde of leland harbours under foreign feels- t' siicfioa, looking heady epon 000 shores, and affording the most convenient lurking-placee from whfolo fIlch commerce may Imp forth to Its prohibited destination and purpose, are so closely 'eretched as to reader the peril of all such ventures far grcateo' than, even their enormous gains when successful. I Arid, SaaIiy, a vest line of sea-ceaset, nearly three thousand miles in extant, maoh of it with a double chore, and almost honeycombed with inlets and harbours, has been m beleaguered and locked up; that the whale immense foreign commerce, which was the very life of the industry end opulence of the r vast region which it borders, has practically ceased to exist. The Secretary suggests that, when every part of the coast is in

 Federal bands, the costly apparetue of an international blockade may -

be dispensed with, and maritime intercourse be regulated by municipal law. A detailed review of the doings of the navy dnrenflhe preceding year is followed by a passage reflecting on the British onerecter of the Alabama and the conduct of the Bjtiah Government in letting I) her get to sea, which has already been quoted by the daily journals. The result of the extraordinary activity m this department is that the Wnited States have now afloat or progressing to rapid completion a s naval force consisting of 427 vessels, - carrying 8288 -guns'a and of the capacity of 340,000 tons. The annals of the world do ot show as great an increase in so brief a period to the navel power of any y country," The iron-clad navy far the seaboard Consists of. 8 1 armed wooden Tassels and 20 armed iron vessels, eaaryng il 98 gone; for the western rivers, of 14 armoured wooden veeeels and 12 armoured iron vessels. The United States navy cnnsiete of 104 sailing-vessels, carrying 1418 gone' and 323 etenm-veooole, carrying 1883 guns. Isr. Wellee thinks the guns; and Warrior could get within i only a few barbonre of the United States, and for those few "the Government can always be prepared whenever a foreign war is imminent." That more irontlado ore not now ready is attributed to the scanty manufacturing capacities of the United States. "It is believed that nearly every rolling-mill has been engaged that to able to do the work, and yet those vessels are several months behind the time within which they were to be Completed. . , . It is with the I greatest difficulty that these comparatively small vesoeln and the Moderate-sized icon required can be procured for them as soon as wanted, so much does the demand exceed the capabilities of the mills to onpply." Since the blockade was instituted 843 vessels have been aeined by the blockading squadron, including a number of valuable steamers.  -

THE REPORT or = SECRETARY OF WAR.

Secretary Stanton reports that the armies of the United States constitute a force of over 800,000 men fully armed and aquipued. When the quotas are filled up it will number 1,000,000 men, an lthe eelimotee for next year are based upon that number. The issues of theordnanae department are stated to have boon 1026 field and siege and 1206 fortification cannon, 794 gun-carriages, Caissons, mortar-beds, teavellingfcrgesemdbgtarwaggona. 1,276 SSesmailarms, 987,291 eeteod eqoipmente and accontremente anA 2l3,l 127 rounds of enamemitien fez Srtiiles7 and emailayms, ethl leaving large supplies of eirdna'aee
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LONDON: SATURDAY, DECEMBER 50, 1552.

"Pnexcos OW APPkRkTUS" was probably the declaration ef many an anxious person who was waiting for the Persia's news, and who anticipated the information that her machinery had. got out of order. But she has arrived at last, and brought President Lincoln's Message. It is in many respects a remarkable document. If ever debility was manifested in diplomacy1 thc manifestation has been made in the document now before us, Passing over such of its details as have no interest for the English reader, and remarking that the President acknowledges that in
08 delicate matter of the slave trade England continues to act in the most satisfactory manner, and leaving Mr. Lincoln's geographical essay on the impossibility of dividing the United filatas to the consideration of those whom it may concern, we proceed to note the President's new plan for dealing with the question of slavery. He proposes that by legal and conatitetlonal enactment, not by his own fiat 1 ibarttsa, all, slaves who shailnot have been freed by a certain data shailbe enfranchised at the expanse of the Union. The certain date will probably snake readers smile. It is New Year's Day, 1900. For thirty-seven vases to coma the system which Mr. Lincoln's own party have been branding as the" covenant with hail," and as 11 the accursed bleak canker which is eating out the vitals of the Union," is to be endured, unless accident does it away. This is the deal pre.acriptien of those who pretend to be fighting an anti-slavory war. As only one or two of Mr. Lincoln's organs affect to treat this strange proposition seriously, we may abstain from remark upon it until the verdict of the North shall be taken. But as Mr. Lincoln has one faculty, that of telling a good story when an argument is expected, we may respectfully offer him an Oriental tale. A King had a favourite white donkey, to which he became so attached that he sent for the wisest of his physicians and ordered him, under pain of death, to make the animal speak. The wise physician instantly assented, but demanded two conditions-a large reward at once, and a term of seven years to perform the miracle. The terms were accepted, and to wondering friends the wise physician said, 111 have surely done a good thing. I have got a heap of money and have presefted my life. In seven years the King, the ass, or I may die,

and either event makes me safe." Let us add that in one pointS ,of view tint President's practical retraction of his previous scheme is satisfactory. The elections have told, and the power of, public opinion has asserted itself. This is the healthiest sign we have had to chronicle for some time. There are brief accounts of engagements, in - which success seems to have been dividedMorgan having had a triumph, and having afterwards been repulsed, and some Confederate "raids" appear to have been fortunate. Fredericksburg had not been bombarded. General Bankts naval expedition had sailed; his friends did not know his destination, but his enemies were, doubtless, better informed. The Secretary of the Navy is very bitter against England about the Ajabasna, but it is very difficult to see that we are in fault because she terrifies New York. It is more pleasant to add that the American merchants are raising subscription in aid of the Englishmen who suffer by the American War.
DEMOCRATIC PROCESSION IN NEW YORK.

OUR Engraving represents a procession of the Demoorabje party, with flags, transparencies, and bands of music, passing ths New Fork Hotel en route for an evening open-air meeting in the City lieU Park, to ratify the nomination of the Hon. Horatio Seymour as Governor of the State of New York, and of Messrs. Elijah Ward, Fernando Wood, Benjamin Wood, an James Brooks as members of Congress for four of the electoral. districts of the oily. The New York Hotel,

in Broadway, is well know to travellers as, without exception, the

best-conthjoted establialmient of its kind in America; and equally

well known to the residents of New York for its excellent cuisine, its

unrivalled wine-cellar, and its political s'inpathies. Without being

a club, in the English sense of the word, it is practically the Canton

and Conservative club of the city; the head-quarters and rendezvous

of all the prominent plitioians, generals, functionaries, and wealthy citizens who desire the supremacy of the law, and whose bittl-cry in the present deplorable struggle is "The Constitution as it i, and the Union as it was." When the procession passed this well-known hostelry the order was given to halt, the band struck up "Dixie" and the "Star-spangled Banner;" three cheers were given for Horatio Seymour, and responded to by the guests who had gathered at the door and on the balcony. It then went on its way, rejoicing, to the place of meeting, already certain of the victory which its party was destined to achieve within a short interval, a viotor which has already changed the currant of Federal politics, and whic clearly foreshadows that the Republican party has no chance of electing another President in succession to Mr. Lincoln.
FOREIGy2N2ELLI(NC1.

Frrdcnoksburg. The Confederates-; have two lines of bat erios-fiee fleet one mile to the south of Fredericksburg, end the second one milec to the rear of the first.. As the Federals were crossing the rivet the Cor.frf crates opened fire from the first. line of batteries, but the Federal batteries along the banks of the river silenced them in half an hour. As General Burnsido intended to advance, a battle could only be avoided by the retreat of the Confederates.

The commander of the San aomto writes that tho Governor of

Martinique would not allow him to enter the harbour to watch the Alabama, and that he was obliged to move out one marine leagac. The Alabama escaped during a foggy night.

The secret naval expedition under the command of General Banks

had not been heard from since it was seen off Cape Hatteras, moving, southwards. -  -

TIM ccaer.iesroananeCx OF TILE DE DSfEET OF STATE.

A volume of about three hundred pages has been communicated

"on greSS containing the correspondence of the Department of Slate with the foreign Ministers during the past year.

The following is an abstract of the despatches addressed by Mr.

Adonis to Mr. Seward:

In ,h me last Mr. Adorns writes that the darling ,1circ of the govetnb,.

elascee of England that America may be divided, though subducil in ci,srnisjo,c by create, remains as strong as ever. Mr. Adanie write,, in October, thai he has hod an interview with Earl ltnseell, in which, referring to dir. (lladetas', speech, Bail Russell sold, with some degree of enobarrassesent, that it was net for him to disavow anything on the pert of Mr. Gladstone, but that Mr. Watstc,j0 had no idea to, reyh,g what lie did that there was serious intention to infer a disposition at the Government to adopt a new policy. lOan hosed stated as guardedly as possible that. Lord l'aluicrstou and the other members of the Cabinet regretted Mr. Glodstone'o speech, and it was still their intontio to let Ihestiuggle conic to its natural cml without the smallest interference on, their part.

 Mr. Eewo.xd's recent communications to Mr. Adams are summarised thus:

in June dir. Sowerd writes that a list of poochoses made for the Confederates "11`119 laoitl, lncha list hod fallen into the hands of the J'eslcs-ala, shows th

the comphunts nieCe to Earl Russell fall short of the real abuses of Ilentrahity ecum,ittctl in limoglosol in the very face of the British Government. TI,. revolution in 1,0w approaching it., cud, and it is jnost it this moment proof becomes irresistible that it it had succeeded its success would have been due to the aeelstanee derived from the English people. The President thinks it desirable the English (to-i-eminent should consider before the seer closes what ore likely to be the sentiments of England and America towards each other after it,, teriuiatloom. In August Mr. Seward writes that a war with England could not fail to unite North and South. In November he writes that while European political panties are more hostile thin, ever to America, America herself is stronger to resist Intervention than at any former period. Less than three years ago all lingland showed itself desirous of friendship with America, and a Similar desire may before long occur. On the 3rd of the Mile month Mr. Seward stains that the President

10'on g1ra the destruction of ships by the Alabama as having rpe"ed to r

tem made by MUIill subjects do violation of the law of notions. Legal proofs to mi-pert indemnity claims will be collected and transmitted its aeon as possible.

Mr. Seward writes to Mr. Dayton, the United States' Minister at

Paris, that America has a right to insist -that France shall not make

use of the war she is carrying on in Mexico to raise up an antiAmerican or anti-Republican (doverunient, or maintain such Government in power. France having disclaimed such designs, America is bound to wait, and not anticipate their execution.

The despatches from Russia represent Prince Goristhakoff as desiring

to see a termination of the war, as hopeless of the restoration oft

Union, and yet regarding its disruption as a serious calamity for

Russia. Mr. Cameron and Mr. Bayard Taylor, the Secretary of the

Legation, represent the manner of the Czar and the Prints towards them as being cordial in the extreme.

-  CONGRESS.

Both Houses of Congress have passed the bill admitting Western

Virginia as a State of the Union, and providing for the gradual but speedy emancipation of her slaves, The Governor of this region approves of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation of the 22nd of September.

The House of Representatives has refused to pass a vote of censure

on the aforesaid proclamation of emancipation by a vote of 95 to 47. -

Both Houses have passed a bill indemnifying President Lincoln Jar

all arrests suede and maintained in -,iolation of the right to the writ of habaas corpus. In the House of Representatives, where the opposition was strongest, the bill passed b,' the vote of 90 to 45, erhoels exhibits the relative strength of the Administration and Opposition parties in the present Congress.

XxecdiLrANhtouS.

The repairs of the Great Eastern are completed, and she Will

resume her trips immediately.

Large quantities of stores are being pau'.haset'c in New York fez shipment to the French army in Mexico.

A meeting bat), been held at the Produce Exchange, New York, for the relief of the thatress in Lancashire. The Rev. Theodore Cuyiez anode the most important speech, in which he urged British and American philanthropy to meat half way and build up to new temple of reconciliation in which Americans and Britons could join bands once more and swear to be true to each other and to all principles of civil and religious liberty. The subscriptions in behalf of the Lancashire operatives are made chiefly in grain, but include more than 100,000 dollars in cash,

A "cold snap " having visited the Atlantic coast, the people of the Atlantic cities, the young, the middle-aged, and the ladies wace enjoying the amusement of skating with as much abandon as before the commencement of the war,
America continues to be the one theme that occupies the world's tongue and thought, The Itappahannook has been ci'oseed in the face of the whole Confederate army; and by the time these pages reach the reader a battle will probably have been fought upon which great issues may hang. If the Con. Iedrate.s arc the winners it will go far to establish, as an unquestionable fact, their military superiority, and to inspirit them, in spite of all difficulties, to new exertions read stxugglcs. But if they are beaten their position will be a most dangerous one. General Sumner has also, said on an earlier day, crossed the river sonic miles further down, and from that point was almost withia a (lay

march of Petersburg and it railway, which is connecteJ with all the railways f North and South tarohina, and must be the chief line for bringing supplies to Lee's army. Snumer, tho'efore, in the event of a Federal victory at ircdericksberg,
would be ready to make a flank attack on th3 retreating

army; and that. most dangerous measure - wader the

circumstances could, only be evaded by the Confederates retreating by a different and circuitous line to Rickutcad, that the Federals would probably be able to reach the Confederate capital first. Much, then, depends upon the battle at Fredericksburg, which we are told by telegrams arriving at the moment we write had actually began.

The Alabama threatens to become a source of trouble between our own and tie. American Governments. If the responsible advisers of the Crown say the English law of enlistment has been violated by . the building and fitting Out of such a vessel in our country, it will be of course our duty to offer amends. But if no law has been violated the Americans must learn to be less susceptible, to annoyance, and direct their energies rather to the capture of the offending vessel than to angry abuse of us. Meantime we cannot but own the Americans are doing a very handsome act in cntributiug so largely to the wants of our operatives.
These is a Taper panic in New York. Rugs, so it seems, are no leDger obtainable, or have been all used tip by Mr. Chase for the aranufeclaro of ehin-plaetere. The Associated Tress invite tenders for the sail ply of three million. poands of paper, to be paid for-in. pepcr- on delivery; but there are no bidders. Meanwhile, with rum atering tbsne in the face, according to the veracious "Manhattan," all the New York papers have increased their prices fifty per cant, and the astute Mr. James Gordon Bennett, of the Herald, wishing to pitorlve intact the fortune he has accumulated, end not cariagto cope with evil slops, has retired from business altogether.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA. AN OBeSE RECRUITING-OFFICE IN BROADWAY.

THE Federal Government, as most by this, time he well known all over Europe, could not have earned on the war against the South on scything like equal terms if it had not been for the aid afforded by the Irish end German population. American citizens of native birth volunteered in large numbers immediately after the attack on Fort Ermter, which expedited the collision; but their zeal did net keep rat a with the erigences of the work they had undertaken; and, in urgent need of men, the Government was compelled to have recourse to the system of high bountymoney to fereignert and to naturalized foreigners to fill up the depleted ranks of an army that melted away in s,%-amps and hospitals more rapidly then m the battle-field. The (iloveonionent offered 100 dollars bounty-money to each recruit, and, thin sum net being sufficient toprovidethe dretbatehof 300,000men thatMr Lincoln demanded during the summer, and the eeaond 300,000 that ha demanded under the penalty of a conscription if the men were not otherwise forthcoming, the corporations of the various cities in the north, aided by the liberality of wealthy and patriotic citizens, doubled end trebled the offer of the Government, and in some plazas actually raised the bounties to 500 and 000 dollars. The results were a large enrolment of Irishmen and Germans, to whom the bountymoney was the attraction rather than love of the cause, and many of whom had been rebels in their own country before they took up arms to fight rebellion he the land of their adoption. The most favourite of the regiments thus raised among the foreign recruits were the Zouaves, in imitation of those of Paris, and composed of a similar class of people, to whom the brilliant and piotnrsaque costume was almost as much an inducement to enlist as the ready money. Our Engraving represents a group of these foreigners before a well-known recruiting-etheeat Mozart Hall,Broa&way. The draughtor conscription has been postponed sine die in New York for fear lest there should be a popular outbreak if unwilling men were forcibly carried off to a war which it might ruin their business to attend, or of which for other reasons they might soot 2n

prove; but there has been no aeseation of reeoiiiting,whieh is scarried on with the ntmost possible vigour. New York city and State are said to have provided nearly 80,000 men under Mr Lincoln's two calls; but as the quota due, according to the population, is about 110,000, there is siill a very large number of men to be provided.

FORT LAFAYETTE.

Tna traveller to America who enters the beantiful harbour of New York by any of the ocean steamers will observe, on the right hand in

LI the channel known as "The Narrows/' a solitary fort on an oslead at eemo distance from the shore. This is Port Lafayette, so nesred in honour of the Frenoh General who immortalised his r sme by the aid he rendered to the Americans on their early stungglee for independence. It is a pity that such a name should have been decccraied in later days by the perversion of the fort from. its original puxpoee of guardian of the channel to a bastille for the detention of political prisoners, sent thither on the solo warrant of /eftnu do cachet, on bare suspicion, or en the secret testimony of spies and informers. Lafayetto himself, had he loved.
long enough to witness the wreck which the Federal Americana have been making oftheir own liberties in the futile attempt to subjugate the South, might perhaps leave urged the 9vvernmont of Mr. Lincoln to adopt another and wiser course of policy; or, if that were not to be thought of, to give some other name than him to a fortress that had been converted into an inetrument of tyranny as

M11  the old. Bee

e 10.10, 1118amous in the history of the lhatFrench Revolution. For the last fifteen months Fort Lafayette (like its sister forte in the barboure of Boston and Baltimore) has been filled with political prisoners, mostly consigned thither by order of Mr. Seward, the Secretary of State, or of Mr. Simon Cemeron, the former, and Mr. Stanton, the present, Secretary of the War Depannent, Then arrests bad become so numerous, and the outrage to the Constitution both of the State of Now York and of the Federal . Union involved

the virtual abrogation f the right secured to the heimbl set citizens by thewritoileaboaa to was so Ilagitiona, thte the De,nooraf.ic 'pucrty, 4ofeatod at the election of Mr. Lincoln, i'eorganieed its broken phalanx to resist the enroaormeut of arbitrary rower, At the elections *bleh took plaoe on the th ult. the Demoorate auoeoeded in carrying liheir candidate, the Mon. Horatio Seymour, for Goyernor of the State, and 1he whole of their members of Congress for the city f New York. Other eleokons throughout the North showed the same results. A powerful op

v ti 'Wale thus formed, which, though appearing to sidewith th VOITMfint in its determination to prosecuto tho war against th:

Hiith with unflinching zeal and untiring energy, was resolved at

the same Ume that the war should be carried on within the limits of the Con*tltutlan, without the suspension of the hoboes corpus in loyal States, and without abrogation of any portion, great or
small, of the letter or the

spirit of the document

drawn up by the founder.

of national ifl(lOpend. sues and sa.notified by the great flames of Washington, 3Ofleraon, and other fathe of American liberty. The Government al)pears to havebeenalarmedfor the first time since the ooin.. menoement of the war at the atand taken by the

Deinooratlo party, which

not only threatened the punishment of the three Secretaries of State but the impeachment of the President himself for these and other liegal acts. Having once begun to debate the cluostao; the Ooernnient lost no time in coming to a dodijon. On the 7th of November, little more than three weeks after the triumphs of the Do. niocrata in Now York, it took the cpportOnity of "Thanksgiving" which is annually cefebrated throughout the North on that day, and which answers in some respects to the English festival of Christmas, to order the liberation of all political prisoners in Forte Laf ayetta, Warren, MacHenry, and I)elaware. On that mooning the gloomy gates were opened and the prisoners were et free without stipulation or condition. Port Lafayette at present

contains only ito to for garrison for the defence of the channel and it to be hoped will never again be employed for any loss legitimate purpose. Our Engraving is taken from the water, near Statenlsland. The fort is not of great value as a means of defense, having been almost onpersoded in utility by FortBcniilton, tho larger fort immediately behind it,onLong Island, which

has beenrecontly erected, and which, inconneomaonwitn For i 'lomprins now in process of construction on the point of Staten Island, will olFootuefly command the approaches to New York.
