THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS
VOLUME 39


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 660}

LONDON, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1861.

a few days from the time of our publication England will, in all probability, hemade aware of the intentions of the American Government. II Mr. Lincoln has the courage to act up to his own convictions, and to defy the menaces of an infuriated mob, Messrs. Mason and Slidell are by this time oil their way to our shores. But we have no great hope that such will be the freight of the vessel now hastening to Liverpool. It is true that ultimately the Government that shall provoke a contest with England will go down in disgrace when the ignorant and angry myriads who now denounce us are excited to frenzy by the chastisement which, in the event of war, England will inflict. It is true that, in the presence of disasters, no American Government, save that of military despotism, will be able to endure; and therefore that it is a choice of evils which the Lincoln Cabinet has before it. But with a certain class of minds the immediate danger is always more terrible than the remote one, and these are the chances for Messrs. Lincoln and

SI

eward to reckon upon-the possible capital to be made out of a great success by General M'Clchlan, and the possible interposition of European Powers between England and the Northern States. Of two evils choose the most distant, is a farourito variation upon a well-known rule and we are disposed to believe that Mr. Lincoln will prefer to hear the distant cannon of liuitairi rather than the yell of a mob under the windows of the White house. Tlicrforo we do not look for a message of peace, though we hope for it, so far as hope is consistent with a cubit examination of the case.

At the same time we arc glad to believe that the French notification will have us weight with the American Government. Nothing can 1)0 more distinct than this document, null it points out so lucidly to Mr. Lincoln that Captain Wilks has committed an outrage, that the reasoning must be convincing, whatever the resolutions of the President may be. Thero can be 110 doubt f the valuable character of this State )ctpar, inasinuclI as it testifies to the European world that the first of the Continental rowers takes the side of England. It may also have the advantage of inducing Mr. Lincoln to reconsider his position and to devise some means of extricating himself from it without the fatal appeal. We speak, of course, of the document, not as if it had been composed at the period at winch it was isncd, but as the embodiment of a decision which was ulonl Itless perfectly well known to our Foreign Minister when lie sent the despatch to America. We cannot suppose that diplornatists acting in concert, as those of France and England are understood to do tarried for the issue of a formal despatch. They must have been in perfect accord at the time the demand of England left these shores; and the President was at once made aware that. though England desires no physical aid in any contest into which she may be called to cuter, she has, and is glad to have, the moral support of the Imperial Government. We can only say again that we wish to believe Mr. Lincoln strong enough to listen to reason and justice.


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 660}

 THE COURT.

The bulletins of the Queen's health from 0-,borne ccmtiuie to describe her Maj sly as bearing her grief with calmncs and resieatioa. Dr. Jenner lemainsin ntteudance.

lhcC'rorrn Prince of Prussia arrived at Osborne 1-ester lay se'nuight from 1k rite, The Duke of Saxe-CoblI rg and the Prince a liohenloho also arrived on a visit of condolence to her Majesty.

The I ftlc de Brabant and the Comic de Flaadr arrirel at Windsor Castle on Saturday from Brussels.

On Monday the funeral of the Piince Consort took place in St.

George's Chapel. Early in the morning the Duke of Sare-Coburg, the

Crown Prince of Prussia, and PrlneC huts of ilesse arrived at Windsor Castle from Osborne. l'rincn Edward of Saxc-Weitnar and the Due do Nemours also nrrivcd. I Ii, Royal I I ighncas the Prince of \Yalcs and his Royal Iligllness Prince Arthur joined the ihliistrioi'

Zrbiccs in the oak-room shortly before twelve o'clock, and afterwards pi occcded in privates carriages to the chapter-room of S. Gsorgss Chapel. The funeral precession entered the clll[)Cl at ten illinhitel past. twelve o'clock, and the corpse was lowered into the grave at one o'clock. The Dean of Windsor read the Burial Service, and Sir Charles Young, Gorky Ring of Arms, proclaimed the style of his late Royal Highness.

The Prince of Wales remained at Windsor Castle with the Crown Prince of Prussia on Months' night.

The Duke of Saxe.Coburg, Prince Arthur, and Prince L-iuis of Hense returned to Osborne, where the Due de Brabant and the Conatc de Fianllre also arrived on Tuesday, to pay a visit of condolence, before proceeding to Brussels.

Ihi Royal lbghness the Prince of Wales arrived at Osborne on Christians Eve, after having completed the last melancholy duti

connected with the funeral of his lamented father. His royal Highness remains on a visit with his illustrious mother,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, who has becis

confined to Gloucester house for some nays by a severe cold, is much better.

The Duke of Ness-castle 1105 left town on a visit to the Earl of Clarendon at his seat, The Grove, near Watford.

viscount rairnerston is lust recovering from his late severe Dttstk of gout.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer left London on Tuesday for

Hswardeu Castle, Cheshire.

Sir George Grey left town on Tucsday for Jtigliworth.

The remains of General Sir Edward Bowater were l'roughtt ems Monday front Cannes, by the Itoulogno and Folkestone route, to loudon.

{VOL.39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 661}

NAVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE.

REINFORCEMENTS FOR CANADA.

The Tower has lately been the ecene of great bustle, owing to the popactioeo fer hug military stores to Canada. Night and day, on Sunday e, aell other days, ness have been engaged packing arms, clothing, and othoi

I icciriatiries to a great amount, which are placed on sailing-barges moored olotugoite the quays ; the stores are token thence down the river, and shipped on board the transports now oil Deptford and Woolwich.

On liii' morning of Thnreday week a great number of persons ao,emb'.aI at all early hour at theWoiiingts, Barracks, St. James's Park, on the oeeo.io,s of the 1epartnre of the 1st battalion of the Grenadier U ,mris and of the lad luittol ion of the Guards for Canada. The let l,attailon of chad rerdlcr 011t,,its, 501) string, uniter the conimanti of Colonel the ho,,. Hugh Manvers Percy, Cli. (Victoria Cross), nsi'mble,l, shortly if tee six o'clock, on the parade ht the Wellii:gton lineracko, preparatory to their departure for So,itli'intpt. Ether it due iii-pection, tt,sd after partaking of breakfu',t, at tail-past soSek o'clock the battalion left for the Waterloo rtatioa of the South-Westorit Jbiiiwoy. Owing to the death of the Prince Consort the regimsttsi baud did not accompany the battalion to the station. On their arrival at the ters-inug tile own Were told off in fouro, anti with the greatest facility--the system

toying bent initiated by the late (b-neral Torreng-the train started at olgit o'clock 0 itt, its gallant burden ; no that the entire battalion, each man reirry lug his sub and a cooSed ration, left quarters and etarted by railway to their ']eetittatioui within half an hoot'. The men were loudly cheered as they peah,ecdt;l to the railway. The hei battalion of the Scots F,,sllier, of the scene -Irt-egthi, commanded by Colonel William John itilley, left the Wellington Itairiteks at, eight o'clock, and pursued the Caine route--along ltirdet,go-walk.

 1 teat (leorge-etreet, and across Westininster-britige. The saran excellent to ,,tgeinenCn were otwerved, and Without Cite Wightestcolifudull or (letter the batttuiio,i deit,trteil at half-putt eight o'clock for its ,leslinattou. Li the ,letuel,mc-itts rencliesl the clocks on arriving at Southampton, they west, received by the boethauupton Colunt,avi'.ulle Corps, anti eseisrteti to their res1teolls-e eluults by the basal. The Coops were Chccto:,I as they left the- docks in I,,tmcnt ii crowd of persouci.

The eteouier Adilotie, with the (Irenadhcr Guards, and tb, I'itrana, with tIm

Scols luti-Ihber liutituls nuti the eighteenth company of the ltoyal Engineers. left, the docks shout two o'clock iii the afternoon and anchored in the river. ii slit viCotis soiled for their destieatlnus en ely on the following morning, 'l'tse l'arr,ios htitl a let thi in the uloels close to the Nashville, the UonfederCn manof-war. As site was leaving her bend,, with., the (I cards on board, the basil -it tick sip the tutu', '' I'll' oil to Charleston soi early in the morning,'' Ttt

tilliurs of thu It asits itic were wistchibtg the departure of the Peraoa with

it itpotenthy eo,tslthcrattte interest.

Each riddler them-lined for Canada, on steppIng on hoard of his transport. I, cis cectir for huts two pairs of iV(ethhi it draw eon, osi jeroey, two lilt-nun otitler-vost;, two lair of wor,tetl ttckhutga, one comfort or, soot' ehi',nois leather wiiistt'ostt, out' ci uisiiIo cop with caretltthhti'rs, One ir of aealoltii, SuitS, on,, will, of I 'autattititu hoots, auth pile, sitcttpsliui coat,

 'lie ho) iii Miii Company's steituiter htots,lti'ena, Captain Wool ward, will,

tlte Bill l'oot (about 10111 strong) on L- aid, took her departure from 0 .,ttt, sitipton last Saltieday afternoon. Ohe is under orders to sail for I iahftsv direct.

The Csnuanl I 'elutpanv'a itoytil Mail steam-ship AsIa, which sailed from Liverpool on Saturday for Halifax, carrying the mails for Newfoundland. Not it Scull t, New Brunswick, Canada, and other portion," of North America,

cii tek out about 410 military htasst'nger.i, mid net ely Ru) too; of warm tth,tthilttg, retell etutipcge, Ire. The utthisitty :it t-let-il at Liverpool early it, Sc Initlity 11101 thug by special tralec from Woohi',-ic-l, and Al,ht,rsliotl, nil tlsey 'sire tisflply roi,veycui its iearn teititorti to the Asia, tying at aneisor lit tht, hittliti, `1 he Aria tailed about II 10 a.m., with an eaoles'ly at hill, told ever1 pi'os1tcit of uitttl;ieg a rapid hiinosga to, Quceuid'ea is. Amongst the military itcss_nf'ees that-c were the ,taIl for 11w ant) ill Cantata.

The Flying Fish sailed vic-let'doy week for Lisbon, with sealed or-lore and itt-el,iihAitCO.

(ifti('r$ len e been received iii the crimp ot Orilohscotes' for voltnisteer-itty far the lIt I,, 1701, lOCh,, 4711,, Ct_nil, titled, ciii rOthi lit gimt-u,ts, at hit-Is arc th'stin,-l for Coit,tdlttui service, tool it hint tic short of their full cstitpit'eierst of us-n,

The (irtriasttttt'nt htiviitg ,let'lthrd OIL fsrroittg it rt'ssrve if troops at lt-rnttiL.

,or opebstitits lit North Anneilca, orders were, oiL Suiting r,cclve, I it (Jitahsain

for the lIlt It company of Ito) al Engineers to hold it etli in insosettictit rca hiuie',s

to e,itbomk for L'ermiida at all hour's notice.'

Aihiti t'lty isit-lieotioes were received oil Satnrlsy directing the whole of the

screw gun-boats attached to the first ,ti-i,hois of the steaitt rio-ice at Ct,athan, to to removed from the several ports on thin Midway for immediate service.

I'll(, following further orrai,gttnietits fir Ibis i'o,ttai'Latiot, of troop; for Cttt,:iula have been complt'tctt rhe I Iiiaernioi, will tail ft-ti in LIi-erpoii for New Brunswick, tahittg the fourth company if the Royal Engitieert -ii olhtcor, mid ill) stien ; the Ii (Captoini Motto'-) battery of the fourth brigade Royal A, tihler-, front A htles'shtott-l Officers and MI men ; the ul.stht battery of thit, ti-it I It 1 -rignic Royal Artillery (Captain I'ottbo'ons's), from Woolwich -ti ollker,, ai,tt ill mitt -n ,' ttlettichtrncnt of tit, fish bt,Lhtihi'u, 1501  itthlct; instil 147

itt-ui. TIe' Ctuttitbtt niaih-steei,ter will Oil_c 1st tnt Li vertiooi the t evouth battery of tb' tenths ltrigtttht' Royal Artillery (Captain Child'.), froiss Woolwichu-f olhhcture toil it? sni'tt;anth the eighth battery of the salute brigai to (Captain Mhea's)-ittihIw is and Ill ])tell ; the' seventh lottery for hlablfa, the eighth for New

1110 ft RI, company of the hinytth Eutgitieor; tie ltertuiet'i- 1 oblheers ttitth lOll itteit tail Ii men of the Army Ilusphi ai ('tilts for New Iit'uu,awick, 1i,t, tel itt-lisa ot of loyal Ettgistcci'; moht-r order; to euntiatk lit the Victoria will Sail in the Calcutta.
M. HAIJTEFFUTW ON THE TRENT CASE-Under the title'

Questionsof Maritime International Law,"oneof the fret French authoritIes no that l,ranch of jurisprudence, M. Ilautefeelile, the learned author of 11 The History of Maritime International Lao'." and of Tho Treatise on the Rights and Duties of Neutral Nations during Naval Warfare," has just given to the vorid a careful examination of the various questions involved in the Trout and )4ashvlIlO cases. M. Hauteteullie divides the subject under three heads

admitting the right of search, he declares that the Captain of the American frigate 11 violate'l all the rules relating to the right of search." Ifs asserts,

The reply to the question put is, therefore-Fir-t, that in no case con there (xit contraband of war on a neutral vessel sailing between two neutral ports.

Leeond, that even if there were contraband of war, the sole right of the cruiser would be to seize the vessel and to carry it into one of the ports of his own country to have it legally sentenced. Third, that persons cannot in any ease be considered as contraband of sear. Fourth, that Messrs. Slidehl and Mason, not being in the military service of the Southern Confederation at the Moment of thvlr arrest, could not be carried off from the neutral vessel in which they were sailing. From [hess answers it evidently resuIt that Captain Wllks has committed a violet ion of ill the principles regulating inhernetional relations." Re also decides that President Lincoln ha., not the right to seize reed make prisoners the inhabitants and officials of the Southern (!onto leration wherever he can find them although he has the right to regard them as cebols


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 676}

THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT AND THE OUTRAGE 
ON THE TRENT.

M. Thouvenel, the French Minister of Foreign Aflairo, han addressed

the following highly important despatch to the representative of France

at Washington

TILE MINISTER OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS TO TII FRENCH MINISTER AT

WASHINGTON.

Paris, Dec. 3, 1861.

arOlssieut,-The arrest of MM. Mason and Slidell on hoard the English packet Trent by all American cruiser has produced in Future, if not the -ama emotion in England, at least great astvnishmciit and an extreme r~nsation.

Public opinion at once inquired. wills anxiety for the consequences, whet her such a,. act could possibly he legitimate, and there cannot ho the slightest doubt of the general Impression. The act secm.s to the public so entirely at variance with the ordinary rules of international lass' that it throws the responsibility exclinively upon the commander of the San ,Tacinto.

We cannot know yet whether thi supposition is well founded. And the Emperors Government has therefore felt called upon to consider the question raised by the capture of the two paoocugers on board the Trout. The desire to contribute to prevent a conflict, which Is perhaps imminent, between two Powers towards whom it Is .uviinate,l by equally friendly aeu.timente, and the duty of mahitaining-with. a view to putt the rights of its own hag beyond the dsuger of attack-certain principles essential ta the security of neutrals, have, after mature reflection convinced the French Government that it cannot remain completely silent unier existing circumstances.

It, to our great regret, the Washington Cabinet should be disposed to approve the conduct of the commander of the San Jacinto, they must consider MM. Shilell and Mason either so c,,elnies or as rot,cle. I., either en5e there would be an extremely regretabis forgetfulness of principle, on which we have shreys found the Vnited States agreed with Its.

 On what ground, in the first suppo'ed ease, can the Aunericen cruiser have arrested MM. Mason and Slislell ? The United States have a.tn,ittod, with us, in treatise concluded between the two coit,,tri,'s, that the froestoin of the hag extends to persona found on board, MIL though, they he e,telnieo, except in the case of military men actually in the service of the enemy. MItt. Mason and

SI out 1

lidell %% ere, therefore, b3 virtue of this principle, which we have never f it oar difficulty fit getting Inserted in our trestles of friendship and commerce, perfectly free under the netutriti flag of England.

It will not, douh.tleso, be pretentinil that they could be considered as contraband of war. What constitutes contraband of war is not, it is true. precisely settled the limits are not aluohutely the same for all Powers but, es far as regards persons, the stipulations found in treaties relative to military persons clearly define the character of the individuals who alone are lisbie La be captured by belligerents.

Now, it cannot be necessary todemonotrate that MM. Mason and Shl.Iell can in no way be assimilated to persons in this category. There would, therefore, remain no ground to explain their erptnre but the pretext that they were bearers of ofilcial .lesjsatches from the enemy. But this is the place to call to mind a circumstance which overrides the whole case, and allows the conduct of the American cruiser to have ))Poll tinjnstttiable.

The Trout was not bound to it point belonging to either of the belligerents. It was carrying its cargo nod passengers to a neutral country and, moreover, it was at a neutral port that it had takeit the,n "l'¥ If it were a.lmissil,is these, under such circumstances, the neutral flag did ttot co,upietely cot-er the persons and goods transported n,,der it, the humanity of that hag scoutti be a vat., word the commerce and navigation of third Powers would be liable to suffer at any moment for their innocent, or even indirect, relations with either of the belligerents. The latter would not only have a right to require flout the neutral the most complete itnpartiolity, and to interdict him Icusi being mixed up in any way with acts of host ihity, but they would inflict restrictions upon the liberty of commerce and navigation which modern lntrrnntional law ref uses to acknowledge as legitimate. There would be a return, in a word, to those vexatious practices against i% ]rich, us former times, no Power I'm-

 tested more energetically than the United Stoles.

If thin Washington Cabinet should regard this two persons arrested as rel,eis,

ss-t.o,,t it has always a rig] it to seize, ti,- quest ion, though shifting its round could not be m,soro i-cash-ed its a sense f.,vourable to the commander of this Suit I Jacinta. In such a case there would be a contempt of the principle i,, virtue of which a ship is held to be a portion of the territory whose flag it beams, and there would be a violation of time immunity srh,ich, forbids a foreign Sovereign to exercise jurisdiction out that territory. It cannot doubtless be necessary to call to mind the energy with which, the United States has, oil every ocessio,o, defended this iu..munity and the right of Asylum whirl, is a consequence of it.

Without wishing to enter upon a more thorough hiocuosiom, of the qua's ti.ma raised by the capture of MM. Mason and Shidehi, I have said enough, t think, to show that the Cabinet of Washington cannot, wittouut infringing tl,ose principles which all neutral Powers are alike interested in maintaining, user without putting Itself in contradiction with. its own conduct up to t lie. he,ct time, give its approbation of the conduct of the Sat, Jerinto. In this state of things thus Cabinet of Washington cannot, in our opinion, hesitate as to the course to be taken.  -

Lord Lyons Is already charged to present this demand for satisfaction whilst, thin English. Cabinet is under the nrcseeity of snaking, and which cutusots in the Inisnejiate release of the persons taken from the Trent, and cxi,lao,ihhOmtS which, shall relieve the act of the Captain of the San Jacints of its ehhrusiVe character to the British flag. This Federal Government would be Inspired by a just and elevated sentiment in yielding to these demands. It is luu,1sce'hbla to conceive any object or any interest that it could have to nun time dolt of provoking a rupture with Great Britain by Assuming a different attitude.

For ourselves, who would see in, such a rupture a complication is, every oray deplorable of the difficulties with, which the Cabinet of Washington hiss already to struggle, and a proceeding calculated to occasion serious uneasiness to all the Powers not parties to the present conflict, we think we are giving a testinuony of loyal friendship to the Cabinet of Washington fit not concealing front it our opinion.  -

I request you. Sir, to 'take this first opportunity of speaking frankly with Mr. Seward, and, if he should desire it, to leave him a copy of this despatch.Receive, &c.,  TuOtVhiasEL.

We state for the satisfaction of the relatives and friends of the

troops leaving for Canada that the ' Persia, and time other large steamers,

carry es,1h four boats fitted with Clifford's patent for Instantly and safety

lowering-them.
