
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS
VOLUME. 39


{Vol. 39 11-23-1861 pg. 513}

PERSONAL.

(eueral Wool, commanding at Fortress Monroe, has resigned.

General If avelock, 01 the British Army, and brother of the hero of LIIc1iT,OW, had arrived in the United fitatep.

Mr. Edwin James, late M.P. and Q.C., had declared his intention to become an American citizen, and applied for admission to the New Yeik bar.

The many European friends of Mr. Pant Morphy (whore home is in New Orleans) will be glad to learn that lie had reentIy paid a visit to Ilichniond, and was then hi perfect health.

MISCELLANEOUS.

Judge Grier, of Philadelphia, while presiding a the trial of a privuteersman, said it was a farce to try this class of prisoners while tie war endured. '[he dictates of humanity would counsel the Government to treat captive on the sea the same as those taken on land, and he could not undeitand the policy of hanging this first and holding the latter as prisoners or releasing their,. Let the rebellion be crushed and then men might be tried for treason or piracy, and lie would avist." No sentence has yet been passed on the prisoners already breught in guilty of the crime of piracy.

The elections in the States of Massachusetts and New York had resulted in the defeat of the Democratic party and the overwhelming triumph of the united Republican and Union party, pledged to support President Lincoln in his war policy.

The exodus of free coloured emigrants from Canada and the Northern States to Ilayti, by way of Boston and New York, continues.

The ship hyti,by of Providence, bound from Liverpool to Boston,

struck on Egg hocks, near Boston Light, and went to pieces. The captain, mate, and twenty-live of the passengers were rico nc I.

COMMERCIAL.

The imports at the port of New York show a decrease of almost one half compared with those of 1859, while the exports of dome.-tic produce and general mrcrchiatmdise are almost double the expo:t, t the snare period in 11I9.

The annual yield of time newly-opened silver-rnine of OtVorniu is

estimated at the value of £1,200,001).


{Vol. 39 11-23-1861 Pg. 514}

ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

PREVIOUS Numbers of this Journal have contained some particulars of

the unsuccessful attempt of Stone's and Bank's columns to effect a

landing on the 21st tilt, on the Virginian Shore of the Upper Potomac, near Leesburg; and we now give two Illustrations, from Sketches by our Special Artist, in connection with this seemingly mad enterprise on the part of the Federal forces. The whole affair appears to have been ill-planned and adds another to the grievous blunders committed by the Federal commanders. It is hardly credible that 1800 men should have been sent across a river in the face of an enemy most strongly posted, and left unsupported when 30,000 of the division to which they belonged were within sound of their rifles. Tile small body, however, fought gallantly throughout the day against three times their,

number. One incident of the fight-s. desperate effort made by the 111th

Massachusetts Regiment to clear the woods by a bayonet charge-is Illustrated on our first page. This Is believed to be the only instance in which a bayonet charge has been attempted by a regiment in the Jredcral army. The 15th Massachusetts fought most gallantly throughout the whole affair, although they knew the odds to be greatly against them; and the example set by their officers, meetly students from Harvard College, Cambridge, was most praiseworthy. Their efforts, however, were not -. crowned with success, as the deadly r - - -. fire of the Mississippi riflemen drove them back each time; and, as even- - '-,-- -' ing drew on, seeing the utter use- h'lessness of contending against their powerful enemy, the few surviving -. combatants slowly fell back to the -

giver-side with but two line officers - r jamaining. In the endeavour to reeroas to the island, midway be- fl' tweon the Maryland and Virginian hioros, from which they had started, the general organisation of the force was quite abandoned, each corn- pany acting separately. The officers : and men who could swim started, half naked, over the river, and the --boats were kept awhile for the

wnded. This, howeve tcd

ou as but a little time. All order was

quickly lost. A large flat boat was - I

sunk by overcrowding, and scores -

of men perished, Fome by drown

lug and some by the fire of the -' -

Confederates, who now crowded the high bank and poured an incessant fire upon the scattering fugitives. The river channel was thickly strewed with the dead and dying, but the bearing of the survivors is reported to have been strangely quiet-the immobility, perhaps, 0 desperate hopelessness. Hundreds, probably, were here sacrificed. This much is certain, that out of the 1800 who landed scarcely 600 returned. The retreat of the Federalists forms the subject of the accompanying Engraving.


{Vol. 39 11-23-1861 Pg. 516}


LONDON, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1861.

THE fearful storms which have raged on the eastern coast of North America have acquired a strange and almost ghastly

interest for the North and South. The magnificently-described

Armada that had sailed to deal the accumulated vengeance of the Federalists upon the Confederates had, it was thought, steered into the very heart of the tempest. The most opposite passions were aroused, and while the Northerners were praying that the armament to which the honour of the Union had been so solemnly confided might escape the fury of the elements the fiercer prayers of the South went tip for its destruction-.-a result winch the terrible character of the storms made painfully probable. We are told that it is almost certain that the fleet has been preserved and we may hear at once that it has not only been saved, but has delivered its blow at Charleston or elsewhere. Meantime affairs on laud have assumed a perplexing, not to say menacing, character. It was finally decided to remove General Fm moat from his command, and the order came suddenly down to his camp, together with the journals which made the fact public. A mutiny of the gravest kind instantly showed itself. We say of the gravest kind, because the principal actors were not from the rank and file, but were officers, whose first duty was tubordination, and who set the fatal example of declaring that they would not serve except under the General whose somewhat melodramatic faults seem to have endeared him to the forces lately under his command. Ceneral Fremont himself had to appeal to their sense of duty to the Republic; and it would appear that a sullen acquiescence was obtained, and that they will condescend to fight under the new leader appointed by the authorities. This mayahl augur ill for operations in that quarter. An American writer who has been narrowly inspecting the army
of the North draws so unfavourable a picture oF its diselpline, cleanliness, and soldierly bearing as makes the English reports appear almost complimentary. But, in the face of all, Secretary Cameron announces to the nation that the day of reaercs is over, and that the Union is now about to pro. cecd from triumph to triumph. More to the purpose, it io distinctly stated that not only is the abolition of Soul hero slavery entirety out of the plans of the North, but that slavc who may be umd by the army of the Federalists sirsil, if they belong to loyal owners, be paid for just as if they had bee:i mules or any other article required fort he campaign. This nay be regarded as a provisional olive-branch held out to smooth matters in the event of a Northern success making a compromise P¡

tdIie. The Abolition party are enraged beyond measure, and 1reir dcmoimtrations are formidable. Meantime the usual raving of the ribald press is launched against England and we are told that ours is a "-Puritan and blackleg Cabinet," that the Duly A'ns is the accepted organ of the English Tories (which may be news to our contemporary), and that as soon as ever the war is over " such a train of disasters" shall be inflicted upon England as shall make her rue tire day when she dared to say that ten millions of Americans were belligerents instead of rebels. It is impossible to believe that such rabid rant and utter nonsense can have weight with educated Americans but why is it tolerated by authorities that have and use power to suppress a jurual for only expressing a wish for peace?



{Vol. 39 11-23-1861 Pg. 520}

NEW ADELPHI.-The long-announced production or " The
Octoroon," the new sensation drama by Mr. Boucicault, took pl,s on Monday before a crowded audience which filled the house to the ceiling. The scene is in Louisiana, where the Octoroon, or "eighth blood," is not allowed by law to marry with a white person; and the interest of the plot is based on this circumstance. Zoc, the natural daughter of Judge Peyton, has been roared in luxury but not fully emancipated, and on the death of her father is exposed to the machinations of a rascally overseer, Jacob MOloskey (Mr. Emery), who, having- IiPmienaged the estate, has an interest in forcing on its sale, with the
slaves belonging to it, ti,. -it ire may Iriehise Z and uhdue her to hta unwelcome paserru. George Peyton, the nephew of the Judge and heft- to the property (Mr. bill irrgror), sekr naturally to avoid tirO Bale, rind cxrccts deity a remittance from Liverpool sirfiltient to satisfy all demands. M'Closkey takes rusacrires to prevent the packet from reach. rig his hands in time, in correquerrcc of winch the elavos are sell. A slave auction accordingly forrrr the grand asniotien sczre of thti drama, 'a hich is conducted with all tli formalities accomp crying such trsnorseti,rs in Southern America, and forms ar.rsct exciting tableau. MClosirey outbids all intending prrcirrwers for the fair Otoroorr, ansi becomes her possessor. But, in his attempt to retard the delivery of the letter to l5eyton, he has incurred a guilt for which he is destined to punishment. If(- has murdered a negro lad who was in charge of the post-he,; and a picture of the act has been accidentally taken by a photographic machine which was being worked in the vicinity. lie falls into the clutches of [yncli law, and is confined on board a steamer pending his execution. To effect 1ri escape he hurls a lantern among sonic tar-barrels, and thus causes an explosion. But a-i avenging Indian is on his track, and slays him oil the grave of the pier negro wlrons he had murdered. And all might now be well, but that Zo', ignorant of these facts, has taken poison in despar. The d -ama is placed on the stage with all the accessories that can conduce to a great and marked success, and is illustrated with locil scenery of great beauty. The composition itself is distinguished by a liglrtnesr and elegance of touch which compensates for whatever is revolting in the action. The whole was capitally performed. Mr. Emery was remark. ably impressive in M'Cloekey, and Mr. Boucicault as tim Yrsokee overseer, who afterwards turns photographer, was characteristically made up, and sustained his part with great humour. Mrs. Boricicault, as the heroine, excited so much interest that tim audience were scarcely reconciled to her failing a victim in order to point more efleetisahly the moral of the drama. We certainly recognise no metiretic necessity for such a thfnouemcnt, bit rather the contrary, and think Unit the author would have found his account in a happier curling. Mr. Billington, as the hero, was pathetic and gentlonisaly; and the other parts were well supported, particularly that of an old negro, try Mr. George Jamisor, and that of the Indian, by Mr. Phillips. The female parts, also, were well filled by Mrs. Marriton and Miss Latimer. liliss Clara Denvil, as the poor murdered negro-lad, acted with her usual grace and spirit The success of the piece was decided.


{Vol. 39 11-23-1861 Pg. 520}

AN INFERNAL MACHINE, used by the Secessiouhrts, wai recently described rita fleeting of the Franklin Institute of l'esnsylvanir, asil photographs of it were exhibited. It consisted of an iron cylinder, shorn six feet long, and two feet in diameter, arid perfectly watertight. Tins Is filled with lOmb. of gunpowder. It is attached by copes six feet long to ail empty hogs. head, which supports it in the water, the site of the glrc'al irrirrg cope el. Air elsstie tube is fitted watertighre, and connects the irrtcriirn of the magazine ann barrel. Through this tribe the friar runs, which Is lighted through err aperture inn the exposed sine of the inoglnead, arid which, burning down till it reaches the cylinder, explodes it. The free would barn two irs,rrs. After being lighted end net lame, it was intenrdai to float with the tirlo till it reached a vessel, and there remain, finally explmiirng. It svas a very rrrrcertainr arrange. nrrcrrt. There were two of these machines fastened by a rope neveral hundred feet long but the other was lost. There photographs were taken by the photographer of the Ordnance Department at the Warrhinrgton Navy-yard.

{Vol. 39 11-23-1861 Pg. 521}

EXTRAORDINARY CAPTURE AT SEA.-The following strange Etery vi,.s telegraphed from Southampton, through Mr. Renters ollioc :Sootl.niploii, 'J'hurnlny.---A large paddle-steenser, the Naslivilk, flying the Coi,fiderato flog, has just arrived in our river and liusded the captain and crow of the American ohip harvey Birch. Captain Nelson, of the Harvey lurch, reports havir left hluvic on Saturday last, the 17th inst., boom! for New Yolk, In lollat. On the 19th inst., when in tat. 42 deg. Ii mm. N., long. 1 dig. 12 rein. W., dims was brought to by the Confederate steamer Nashville, Ceninsamider Peagrim, late of the Unitot States' navy. Time It mirvey Birch wag immneliately boarded by the otlisers unit crow of the Nm*hville, who it once nm-dpi-cit time captain and crow on board the slmmmmeer, allowing them to take n few of their effects and fresh provisIons. Captain leogrtum then ordered the Harvey Birch to be firot, and laid along. iilc until uhe was bemnt to the waters edge. Captain Nelson is jut landed with his crew unit officers, twenty-nina in all, and has imnmslimmtely placed himmelt in coumnuinicatiom, with Captain Britton, the United Scatea' Consul at this port. Time Nashville is still lying in the river, flying the Southern Confederate flog. Captain Nelson says that Comumanmier 1's'agrtmn obstes he has no cemnimmisuton from the Southern (Jovernmeut as a war-steamer, ant yet declares he is not a privateer. No Southern Commissioners have arrival by the Nashville. 'fliprmi are, tiowcurr, on board a Colonel reyomn and lady. Colonel Poyton lppcoes to have some commission to execute, as lie proceeds to London imnniemUstily. The Nashville has experienced very bad weather sInce runstmig time blockade at Charleston. 11cr crew consists of English and Irish, who, after shipmaumt, were comijs-hlesi to sign other articles. The whole of the crew of the Ihmmrvey Birch, with time exception of Captain Nelson and his two olllesrs, sale placed in trues until arriving here. Captain l'oagrimn encleavouremi to make Captain Nelson and his crow take an oath of allegiance to the Con. federate Government. Captain Peagrim lima consniunlcatmsd with Mr. Yaneey."


{VOL. 39 ISSUE. 1119 11-30-1861 PG. 535-536}

THE NASHVILLE AT SOUTHAMPTON. irritability among the more sensitive spirits of the Federal but of the fact that dissatisfaction with the conduct of IT has become a question whether there is any design in both States against England on account of the decided principles of England prevails to a considerable extent In the Northern or either of the contending parties in the States of America to non-intervention in this terrible quarrel which have been laid States there is no doubt. 01 the feeling towards this obtain from Great Britain, in a certain sense involuntarily, down by our statesmen and universally acquiesced in by our country in the Southern States we have little or no knowledge; that which would amount to a violation of neutrality. It is people. What was expected of this country in such a juncture but there have been rumours, the effect of which is that the well known that there has been, and probably there still is, an of American affairs as now exists does not very clearly appear; Confederates believe that, in our secret hearts, our leaning is to
their Side, and that our sympathies are, so to speak, wrapped sip in cotton. So much of our prosperity, and of the welfare of a large part of our population, is supposed, not without reason, to depend on our import of an article of which in our markets the South has hitherto enjoyed a practical monopoly, that it has been whispered that the Confederate leaders had determined not to llov the export of any cotton to this country under any circumstances, and even apart from the restriction of a blockade, in the hope that England would yield to a commercial pressure, which might easily be converted into a social disturbance, and take such steps as woul'l in effect cause her t o do something more than lean to the party of the Secessionists. It would scarcely be denied, even in America itself-certainly not in the Southern Stcs-that even a show of partisanship on the part of England would throw a heavy weight into the scale against the party which she discountenanced; and, however any such idea may be disavowed, it is more than probable that either section would be glad to test the real feeling of this country and the absolute soundness of the neutrality which she professes. Circumstances have just occurred which, as we conceive, will tend to bring about a settlement of any doubts which may exist in regard to this question. Fax he it from us to insinuate anything which can be construed into even a tendency to offence to either party in this unhappy contest, but we may be permitted to say that it has long been the boast of the Americans as a people that they are essentially what they call "smart;" and, among other additions to the language which is common to the Old and the New Country which they have succeeded in making is the word ' dodge "-the significancy of which is admitted. Of course, the word could not exist unless that which it signifies also existed; and that its application should creep into the conduct f the public affairs of the States, Federal or Confederate, at a critical moment, and when a great object was at stake, would not be in the least surprising.

 These remarks have been elicited by the fact that armed vessels, both of the Federal and Confederate States, have made their appearance at one of our principal ports, and have demanded that aid, in the shape of opportunities and facilities for refitting, which, by the permission of the Sovereign, any State is accustomed to afford to the war-vessels of all nations. In the cave of the Federal vessel, whatever may have been her objects or her destination, she bore with her no distinctive marks of those qualities which would have brought her within the terms of the declaration of neutrality which has been solemnly enuticiated to the contending parties in America by the Government of this country. In that declaration itis laid down that her Majesty and all her subjects will "hold a strict and impartial neutrality between the Government of the United States of America and certain States styling themselves the Confederate States of america," The subjects of this realm are warned against ulding to the warlike force of any ship or vessel of war or )ther armed vessel belonging to either of the contending parties; and an interdict has been laid on the armed ships, and also the privateers of both parties, from carrying prizes made by them into the ports of the United Kingdom or of any of her Majesty's possessions. Sinning overtly against none of these provisions, the James AdgerFederalist-got what she required at Southampton, and in due time departed from that port, whither and for what immediate purposes we were bound by the letter of international law not too curiously to inquire. Hardly had the Federal hag disappeared from our waters when the Confederate colours floated in the same harbour, also over an armed ship, coining, avowedly, for the purpose of refitting. But here the parallel ceases. Without any attempt at disguise, but, as far as we can judge, with ostentatious frankness, it is made known by the commander of the Nashville that almost, if not entirely, in British waters, he had captured and burnt a trading vessel belonging to adherents of the Federal party, made prisoners of the crew, and brought them to England - in irons; this latter

 the Nashville know that it would be construed in a hostile sense; and is not that the very reason why he has brought hi

ship, with the crew of her prize, into Southampton harbour?

Something might be said of the "prononcd" manner in which a Confederate agent who has come to England in the Nashville-of whom and of his mission we say nothing-has talked of the vast quantities of cotton which are lying ready for shipment in the Southern States, and which, of course, only await some contingency which would break up or render ineffective the Federal blockade. This matter, small in itself, is suflicicutly suggestive, and is not without significance in arguing the view we have taken in reference to this transaction.

It should be clearly understood that we are discussing this question, not in any spirit of partisanship or with any tendency of feeling or opinion towards either party in the United States, but solely, as it stands, as a matter for the exercise of the discretion of the Government of this country in carrying out that principle of neutrality which has been laid down as our rule of action. In that sense, and considering the question only from that point of view in coming to a conclusion, it seems to us that the observance of pure and unadulterated neutrality demands that no assistance should be given to the Nashville. Admitting that all which we have suggested of a crafty device having been adopted in order to embroil this country with the Federal Government to be without foundation, and indeed we did not for a moment mean to insinuate that it. should enter into the consideration of the Governvent in practically dealing with the matter, on the true construction of our declaration of rigid non-intervention, and, still more, on the principle of sound policy, the usual accommodation and appliances which are ranted to ships of war in our ports ought to be withheld from this Confederate vessel of war presenting herself under her peculiar circumstances to the notice of the English authorities.

 We have waited in vain up to the moment at which we are writing for the decision of her Majesty's Government on this subject. For all that has hitherto appeared the affair of the Nashville remains unsettled. It is certain that some definite and unmistakable rule which would include just such circumstances as those which surround the case of the Confederate ship ought to have been immediately promulgated by the Government, so that there might be no mistake as to the conditions on which armed vessels of either belligerent are henceforth to be allowed to enter British harbours, and as to the rights which they are to enjoy whilst they remain in harbour, It is true that a still more important event may bring the question of the relations which are to exist between this country and the Federals into a condition of exactitude; but it is just possible that the acts of the Commander of the San Jacinto to our mailsteamer Trout may not lead to hostilities between the two countries, and in that case the necessity for accurate and unmistakable rules of neutrality will be more than ever needed.

{VOL. 39 ISSUE. 1119 11-30-1861 PG. 536}

DESTRUCTION OF A FEDERAL AMERICAN SHIP BY A CONFEDERATE SLOOP OF WAR.

Tim. greatest excitement prevailed at Southampton last Thursday week by the arrival in the waters there of a large paddle-sloop of war with pennant, and flying the Confederate flagof America. She proved to h tho Nashville, Captain Peagrim, which ran the blockade at Charleston on the 25th of October last; and on her coming to anchor there landed from her, with their personal effects, the crew (twenty-nine in number) of the late American slip Harvey Birch. This latter was a fullrigged vessel of 1500 tons burden, cost 150,000 dollars, and was bound from llavrc to New York in ballast, but fallen in with by the Nashville on the morning of Tuesday, the 19th inst., and by her captured and destroyed by fire.

The following is the statement of her commander, Captain W. II. Nelson .-The American ship harvey Birch, of Now York, left hlavro on Saturday, the 17th inst., bound to New York, in ballast; when in tat 4 9.( N., long. 9.52 W., was brought to by the Confederate steamer Nashville, Commander Pcagram, late of the United States' Navy. The Harvey Birch was immediately boarded by the officers and crew of the Nashville, who were at once ordered on board the Confederate steamer, allowing Captain Nelson and crew to take a few of their effects and some fresh provisions. The Harvey Birch, was then ordered to to fired by Commander l'eagrim, who remained alongside until she was burnt to the water's edge.

At ha]f-past twelve o'clock the Nashville arrived oifteentran f t
course having been taken because they declined to enter the Confederate service.

So much of the well-known facts connected with the Nashville it has been necessary to state in order to justify the supposition which we venture to lay down, that the whole proceeding, from first to last, was carried on with the design of bringing to the test the question of British neutrality. It would seem as if this mcrchantman in ballast was taken and destroyed by a Confederate ship of war with the object of exhibiting the character of the latter openly before the eyes of the English Ûovcmment, and coming, as it were, red-handed, from the destruction of a Federal vessel, she enters an English port, and asks aid and assistance in rendering her complete and efficient, and enabled to proceed on a cruise in which, of course she expects to meet with other vessels belonging to her enemies and to deal with them in the same manner as she treated the harvey Birch. It is true that she brought no prize into a British port; but she brought with her all the symbols and signs of a prize. Indeed, she retains property on board of her belonging to the captain and passengers of the captured, for the recovery of which these latter have endeavoured to invoke the help of English law. Can it be denied that, if permission were given to the Nashville to refit and repair, it would be a violation of the spirit, if not of the letter-and even this distinction is by no means clear-of that part of the Queen's declaration which forbids "the adding to the warlike force of any ship or vessel of war or other armed vessel belonging to either of the contending parties? " No doubt the technical answer to this assertion is, that these words apply only to matters which are called contraband of war. But the real question is, how would such an act as the aiding and comforting-to use an old legal worthof this Confederate vessel, fresh from the capture of a Federal vech, he construed by the authorities and the people of the Noth; and, if the truth were known, does not the Captain of

 At half-past twelve o'clock the Nashville arrived off the entrance of the docks, and at one p.m. was moored alongside the north jetty, winch was literally besieged with spectators.. She brought as passengers, under orders of the Hon. the Secretary of the Navy, Colonel Peyton and lady. Colonel Peyton is on special duty for the State of North, Carolina, and, notwithstanding the length of the voyage and the heavy weather experienced throughout her passage, which carried away portions of her paddle-boxes. &c., they are in good health,, lie says that there are 750,000 bales of cotton of the old crop, and over 1,000,001) bales of the new crop, and 50,000,000 dols.' worth of tobacco and naval stores ready for shipment.

Captain Penguin is an old officer of the United States' Navy, all,]

bore a conspicuous gait in the Mexican War, in the Paraguay and

Japan expeditions, and during the war waged by the English ant French in China. For his distinguished services his native State 01 Virginia voted him, by the unanimous voice of the General Assembly of the Legislature, a splendid sword, and Sir John Stirling, in his despatches to the Admiralty, makes the following mention of him:"It is impossible to speak too highly of the American co-operating party engaged. They were with the Rattler, emulating each other in the thickest of the attack. But my warmest thanks in particular are due to Lieutenant Peagrim, the American senior officer: his encourage. ment of the men, and coolness under a heavy fire, and determined bravery, when surrounded by a persevering and revengeful foe, was conspicuous to all." First Lieutenant Fanntlcroy was Aide-de-Camp to General Joimson at the battle of Manassas. Second Lieutenant Bennett served there in the naval battery, while one youngster on board named Caiy received his appointment as midshipman in the Confederate navy as a reward for distinguished gallantry in the same action. The remainder of her company, chiefly Scotch and Irish, consists of two mates, eight midshipmen, paymaster, surgeon, engineer, and stall; firemen. coal-trimmers, and crew, amounting in all to some sixty men.

The Nashville doesnotcarry a very formidable armament, having only two English 12-pounder rifled guns, of Captain Blakelcy's manufacture. She is of 1100 tons burden and 800-horse power, and was built for the passenger and coasting trade between New York and Charleston.

Though by no means qualified to make a thoroughly efficient ship-of-war, she is superior to many that have been adopted into the service of the belligerents. Like most American passengersteamers, she is fitted with a deckhouse and hurricane-deck, which would have to be removed before she could he made to answer even tolerably as a gun-boat. Her paddle-wheels are, of course, a great drawback to her utility for actual warfare, while her machinery, being scarcely below the mid of the deck, would, in all probability, be disabled by the first she. She is a good sold, and, in smooth water and proper trim, her speed is over fifteen knots an hour. In spite of her top-hamper the officer,s speak 01 her qualities as a scaboat, and of her performance luring a succession of heavy gales, in terms of the highest praise. She is sister ship to the James Alger, Federal war-sloop, of eight guns.
