THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWSA
VOLUME 39

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1121 12-14-1861 PG. 612}

TORCHLIGUT PROCESSION AT WASHINGTON.

Os page 611 we give an Illustration of a torchlight procession at Washington by lilenkers Brigade to celebrate MClellan's promotion to the command of the Federal Army.- The central figure on horseback is General Blenker. The New York Tribune gives the following account of the Bleaker procession :-"Three thousand Germans of General Bleaker's division constituted a torchlight procession on Monday evening, November 11, and, with regimental bands and fireworks and coloured lights, marched to General M'Clehlan's house to celebrate his promotion. Transparencies and pyrotechnic pieces of the most beautiful designs were added to the attraction. All Washington was out to see. The crowds soon demanded the American stimulus of a speech, and the calls for Secretaries Cameron and Seward brought them to the balcony. They briefly addrcsecl the crowd. Calls were then made for General Bleaker, who said :-' Citizens and Sojers,-I.will say a few words, and it shall be few. If ever I find the enemy I will fight tousands, and tousanda of us will fight better as I speak this noble English' (Immense cheering). Cries were made continually for General M'Clellan, but lie merely appeared at different tunes upon the balcony, and bowed to the crowd of soldiers and civilians that filled the street from one side to the other. Within his house the General extemporised a generous collation, and gave a warm welcome to the offlcere who swarmed in to take him by the hand. The whole teatimnonmal was a Splendid success, and is due entirely to the spirit and liberality of General Blenker and his staff."

The special correspondent of the Times at Washington writes as follows respecting this demonstration -"The prettiest sight I have seen since I crossed the Atlantic was the torchlight procession got up by General Blenker and hits Germans in honour of Major-General MOlellan on his promotion to the command of the Army. It Was something like a Bursehen procession, but it exceeded very much any displays of the kind in the number of torchbearers and the variety of colour and effect. The camp of the Bleaker men-famous for lager beer and quaint pipes, also for perverted notions respecting the ,neusm of Unionists and the tunnm of Secessionists-lips some miles across the Potomac, in the valleys and dells of the 'old dominion,' which is ncery as old as Canadm,and is meeting with very rude treatment in its primitive antiquity. From it they came in a grand procession, with hands playing and rough chorus-singing, and tiled over the Longbridge in a dancing sweant of fire-blue, green, red, yellow, orange, and dazzling white. Time air was still, the night fine, and nothing could have been more successful than the fireworks in their way, or the impression produced by the stream crested with lire, which first ghved like a torrent of lava, then gradually broke its particles into a broad ribbon of nebulous flames, which, coming nearer, was resolved into balls of diverse-coloured light, and, thus winding on, thinned avay into a narrow stripe of orange-like molten iron running through the black courses of the mould. The 'Dutchmen' pursued their career by Pennsylvania-avenue, psst the State Department, and, turning in at the gates of the White House, treated the President to a sight of the demoastration intended for his benefit."

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1121 12-14-1861 PG. 612}

THE Episcopal Church at Fairfax Court house. in Virginia,

has been detroycd by the Confederate and Federal troops. The church was one of the oldest in the United Stetee. It was built by Lord lairfax, and the puh1,it and altar were constructed in England. It was in this church and at

thili jlLaryhab Ucrge Wnshinetsn wMhek -

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1121 12-14-1861 PG. 612}

GENERAL M'CLELLAN.

Ox the retirement of General Scott, on the 31st of last October, General M'Clellan was formally declared Commander-in-Chief of tho Federal foree, of whia he had been for some time the actual head. George M(jleilais was born at Philadelphia in December, 1826, and destined for the military service. In his sixteenth year lie was sent to West Point, and left it in 1816, as Second Lieutenant in the Engineers, to take part in the Mexican War. His bravery in the battles of Contrera,s and Cliurubusco gained him promotion, and at the storming of the forts of Moliso do! Roy and Chapultepec his conduct was so brilliant that it gained bliss his captaincy. After the peace he was appointed a teacher at West Point, whore he wrote S manual of the nit of war, which is highly esteemed by American soldiers. Alter this he built Fort Delaware, and then was ordered to Texas and New Mexico to make a topographic survey of the district through which the Pacific Railway was to run. This difficult task was interrupted by's summons to Washington, where the military department had selected him, iii conjunction with Major Mordecai and Captain Delaüeld, to go and witness the operations in the Crimea, which excited as great interest in America as they did in Europe. As there was no prospect of active service on his return home, MClellan determined to leave the army, and accepted the post of technical director to the Illinois Central Railway, winch lie held for several years with credit. In this position the outlireik of the civil war surprised him, and, as ho was universally respected and known in the West, lie was at once called to a bight post, The Governor of Ohio appointed him Major-General and chief of the militia of that Slate ; but by the recommendation of General Scott he was made MajorGeneral of the regular Army, and intrusted with a most important command in Western Virginia. After the defeat of the Federal army at Bull Run, M'Cleljnn was summoned to Washington to take supreme command. A Washington letter describes the enthusiasm felt by his men for General MCiehlan

General h1'Cleilan (it states) is one of the least pretentious of men; he generally wears the simple blouse of the rifleman, with not even the starred houIder-itaps to denote his rank ; a man who never wastes time--who is indefatigable in his pursuit and attack of the enemy, and equally untiring in his efforts to secure the utmost comfort of his men compatible with the circumstances of a soldier's life. When his line is on the march lie is ever among the men, with a kind and cheering word for every company-a pleasant look, or kind salute, or hearty grasp of the hand for every officer or private with whom lie is brought on speaking terms by business; and in a light lie is always at tile front of the column, in the thickest of the danger, encouraging his soldiers by cheering word and fearless deed, lie takes soldiers fare with tire rest, asking no better food, and no more luxurious bed than the newestrecruited private under his command. If he sees a nian without proper shoes or clothing he has that man with his Captain sent to his own quarters, where the man is served with the garments lie needs and the Csptain receives a reprimand that leads him to look more closely after the comfort of his men in future."

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1122 12-21-1861 PG. 617}

Commander Williams, who had charge of the maM

the Trout at the time of the seizure of Messrs. Slidell and Mason, was on Thursday week entertained at a complimentary dinner by the members of tSe ItvyalWtstern Yuoht Club. -  -

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1122 12-21-1861 PG. 617}

Message of President Lincoln to the Federal Congress, hich contains 778 words, was telegraphed from Washington to New York in one hour and thirty two minutes.

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1122 12-21-1861 PG. 617}

THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA.

By the ariivnl of the Bohemian, from Portland, we have New York eIegrama to the 7th inst. Congress assembled on the 2nd, end immelately passed reuclutions thanking Captain WUks for his arrest of the 'traitois" Slidell and Mason. Resolutions were also voted which requested the President to confine these two gentlemen in the cells of convicted felons until Colonels (Jorcoran and Wood should be treated as prisoners of war. Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts, offered a series of rcsolut inns declaring that the war is waged simply for the re-establishment of the Union, but insisting upon the right of the President to emancipate all persons held as slaves in any militay district in a state of inurrceUon, and advising such a course. £he house refused to veto the resolution-by seventy against fifty-six-but its conBidet-steen was postponed for a week. In the Senate Mr. Trumbull, of lllinoi, gave notice of a bill to confiscate the propci ty of rebels and to give freedom to persons in the Slave States. On the second day the President's Message was received and read, and the reports of the several Departments of State were handed in to the Senate an, house of Representatives, except that of the Secretary of the 'I'reasury, which would not be ready for a few days. Subsequently, Messrs. Breckinridge and Burnett, of Kentucky, were expelled from Congress; and a committee had been appointed by the House to inquire into the expediency of abolishing slavery in the district of Columbia.

THE PRESIDENT'S MESSACE.

After congratulating the country on its abundant harvests, the President refers to the foreign relations of the Republic in these

terms .,,on a ill not be surprised to learn that, In the peculiar exigencies of the times, our Intercourse with foreign nations has been attended with profound solicitude, cl.kIIy turning upon our own domestic affairs. A disloyal portion of the American people have, slating the whole year, been engaged In an attempt to divide and destroy the Union. A nation which endures factions domcetic divlclono Is evpoeed to disrespect abroad, and one party, if not both, is sure, sooner cc later, to invoke foreign intervention. Natlon.e thus tempted to interfere are not always able to resist the counsels of seeming expediency ted ungenerous ambition, although measures adopted under such influences seldom fail to be unfortunate and injurious to those adopting them.

 The disloyal citizens of the United States who have offered the ruin of our ecuniry in return for the old and comfort which they have invoked abroad have received less patronage and encouragement than they probably expected. if it were just to suppose, as the insurgents have seemed to assume, that foreign ucliotis, in this case, discarding all moral, social, said treaty obligations, would act solely and Selfishly for the most speedy restoration of coinmetes, including especially the acquisition of cotton, those nations appear as yet not to have seen their way to their object more directly or clearly through the destruction than through the preservation of the Union. If we could dare to believe that foreign nations are actuated by no higher principle than this, I am quite rare a second argument could be mode to show them that they can roach their aim more readily and easily by aiding to crush this rebellion thon by giving encouragement to it.

The principal lever relied on by the insurgents for exciting foreign nations
to hostility against its, as already intimated, to the embarrassment of cainmerce. Those nations, however, not improbably saw from this heat that it was the Union which made as well our foreign as our domestic commerce. They can scarcely have failed to perceive that the effort for disunion produces the existing clilIlculty, and that one strong nation produces more durable peace, and a more extensive, valuable, and reliable commerce than can the same nation broken Into hostile fragments.

It is not icy purposa to review our discussions with foreign States, because, whatever might be their wishes or dhsposition, tile integrity of our country and the tsbility of our (lovrrnnsent mainly depends, not upon them, but on the loyally, virtue, patiiotism, and intelligence of the Amricsn people. The correspondence itself, with the usual reservations, is herewith submitted. I venture to hope it will appear that we have practiced prudence and liberality towards foreign Powers, averting causes of irritation, and, with tirinness, maintaining our own rights and honour. Since, however, it Is apparent that here, as in avery other State, foreign dangers necessarily attend doinstic difficulties, I recommend that adequate and ample measures to rioptcd for maintaining the public defences on every aide, while, snider this g neral recommendation, prosi5ion for defending our coast line readily occule t, the mind. I also, in the same connection, ask the attention of Congress to o ir great lakes and rivers. Sc is believed that some fortilications and dp6ts o arnie and munitions, with harbour and navigation improvements at wellrileclid points upon these, would be of great importance to the national defence and preteivatlOn.

 The President pseserves a judicious silence on the affair of the Trent and San .1 acinto.

On the vital subject of emancipation by the right of war, he uses the following guarded yet significant language

In conriclerlag the policy to bo'-adopteil for suppressing the Insurrection I have hem anxious and careful that the inevitable conflict for this purpose shall not dogenet ate iat a violent and remorseless revolutionary struggle. I have, tlicrelore, in every case, thought it proper to keep the integrity of the

• U ,ilOn pioluilsent as the primary object of the contest on our part, leaving all

questions which ire list of vitlil military importance to the more deliberate action of the Legislature. In 11,0 exercise of my best discretion have edtior,'d to the blockade of the ports held by the insurgents, instead of putting in terre, by proclamation, the law of Congress enacted at the last Session for closing those ports. So, also, obeying the dictates of prudence as well as the obligations of law, instead of transcending I have adheres! to the Act of Congress to con tlecata priJIerty, and for insurrectionary purposes. If a new law upon the Baltic subject shall be proposed its propriety will be duly con' 5ideresi. The Union must he preserved, and hence all indispensable means must be employed. We should not be in haste to determine that radical and extreme measures, which may reach the loyal as well a the disloyal, are indispensable.

THE REPORT OF THE SECRETARY OF WAR.

Secretary Cameron presents the following statement of the entire

strength of the Federal Army, both volunteers and regulate:

V0LONTWEHS. Yo,.rsracr,q. -- ---

 gTArcc. 3 ass. ike War. Aggregate. STATU. 5 ,sos. I ho war. Aggregate.

California., - 4,608 4,604 New York 10,158 100,200 lio,:iss Connecticut 2,236 12,400 14,636 Ohio  10,236 81,202 91,441

Delaware .. 775 2,000 2,775 Penneyl- 19,199 91,760 113,939

Jumbo .. 4941 00,000 84,041 vanin

Indiana  4,686 57,332 62,018 Rhode 1,285 6,898 7,183

Iowa  968 30,800 20,768 Island 

Icentuch'y 19,000 15,000 Vermont  780 8,000 8,780

Maine  768 14,220 15,007 Virginia  779 12,000 12,770

Maryland 7,000 7,000 Wisconsin 7111 14,154 14,915

Msrsacbu- ,, i6anuae ., - 5,000 9,000

sette .. 5 ' - " ' Colorado 1,000 1,000

,Michigan  783 28,510 29,131 Nebraska 2,500 2,500 Minnesota - 4,160 4,1130 Nevada 7,000 1,000 Missouri . 9,356 '22,130 31,496 New Mexico - 1,000 1,000

Ha ips are

New 779 9,600 10,170 Columbia District of 2,823 1,000 3,823 Ncw,Jearey 3,068 9,742 12,4t0 Total • - -

77,075 610,657  718,512

The several arms of the service are estimated asfoiowe :

Arms of the Service. Velestoere. Itea'silari. Ageregate. Infantry .. ., .. 557,208 11,175 568,183

Cavalry  .. .. 54,614 4,714 59,398 Artillery  .. .. 20,380 4,308 24,608

Itliles and Sharpshooters., .. 8,290 - 8,391

)tmtgintors  .. .. - 107 107 040,637 :20,134 660,971

The nppropriatioius for the service of the next fiscal year are corn. ptited for a lorce of 500,000 men. He says he 1190 0 surplus of cavalry, and will reduce that expensive arm of the set-vice. Although Congress only aultl,orisod a levy of 500,000, the Secretary could have raised 1, IJOO,llOO of men as easily as not. The rapidity with which the Army, which in April amounted to 10,000 regulars, developed into a force of 6.10,000 surpasses anything of the sort exhibited by France when her destinies were in the hands of Napoleon. No has no doubt that, in case of emergency, time United States could send into time field a force of 3,000,000 of aimed men. "The effort to restore the Union" is termed "the most gigantic endeavour in the history of civil war." The ehtck of Bull Run gave no discouragement, and merely postponed the campaign for a few months. The possession of Western Virginia, and the occupation of hatteras and Jienufort have, moreover, a'meatiy redterned "Our transient reverses." Mr. Cameron alludes t9 tile urgent need which the army had of a supply of improved lire. arms. The resources of the United States' armoury at iipringhield bsing quite inadequate to the occasion, contracts were made with private establishments, end a special agent was sent to Europe to purchase 2,000,000 dola. worth. Time Government ought to have in store never less than a million of muskets, and a comresionding proportion of arms toO cquipmeule for cavalry and artillery. On the subject of the coast defences he sas

It is of grest impertanre that Immediate attention should be given to the condition of our fortifications open the seaboard and the lakes, and upon our capered frontiers. TLey ahould at once be plttced in perfect condition for sue


cessful defence. Aggressions are seldom made upon a nation ever ready t

defend its honour and to repel insults; and we should show to the son I that, while engaged in quelling disturbances at home, we are able to Protect oarelves sgainat attacks from abroad.

He recommends that the accommodations at the celebrated Military Academy at West Point, which now contains only 102 cadets, be enlarged so as to allow of the education of 500 trained officers. He suggests that the distinction between regulars and volunteers should be abolished, He admits that recruiting for the regular army has been a failure, He demands that another line of railroad be constructed from Baltimore to Washington, as absolutely necessary for the supply of the troops in the event of the Potomac being closed by ice or a blockade. The paragraphs favourable to the arming of the slaves are printed in some of the New York journals, although they were stricken out by Mr. Lincoln himself, after Mr. Cameron had refused to expunge them with his own hand.

 DEPORT OF THE SECRETARY 08' THE NAVY.

Secretary Welles reports that the navy was called upon to blockade a coast line of nearly 3000 miles to 1eep the navigation of the Potomac open, to organise combined military and naval expeditions against points of the Southern coast, and to pursue the privateers. When the vessels now building and purchased of every class are armed equipped, and ready for service the condition of the navy will be as follows:

OLD NAVY.

Number of vrio. Onus. Tang.

6 Hips-of-line .. .. .. 504 ., )e,094 7 Frigates .. .. .. 8.70 ,. 72,104

17 Hoops .. .. .. .. .. .. 842 .. 16,071

2 Brigs  .. .. .. .. .. 12 .. 5315

3 Storeshlps .. .. .. .. .. 7 .. 343

o Receiving-ships, &c. .. 106 .. 6,3-is

O Screw-frigates  .. ,. 222 .. 21,160

0 First-class screw-sleeps 109 .. 11,950

4 First-class side-wheel steam-sloops 4(1 .. 8,054 8 Second-class screw-sleeps 43 ,. 7,593

S Third-class screw-sloops  28 .. 2,403

4 Third-class side-wheel steamers  .. .. B .. 1,808

2 Steam-leathers  .. .. - ,. 4 .. 39')

70 , 1,783 105,271 FUROITASED VBSSEL.q. Number of vemdg. Gun. Tens.

30 Side-wheel steamers .. .. .. .. 166 .. 26,080 43 Screw-steamers ., .. .. .. 170 .. 30,403

13 Ships  .. .. .. .. .. 32 .. 3,998

'2-i Schooners .. ... .. .. .. 49 ,. 5,324

18 Barks  .. .. .. .. .. 78 .. 8,132 2 Brigs  .. .. .. .. .. 4 .. 460

176 518 71,291

VESSELS *ORSTRUOI'ED.

Number of Vonule. Gunk Ton

1-I Screw-ntoopa .. .. .. .. .. 98 .. 16,787 23 (inn-boats .. .. .. .. .. 92 .. 11,661

12 Side-wheel steamers .. .. .. .. 48 .. 8,100 3 Iron-clad steamers .. .. .. .. 18 .. 4,600 62 25(1 41,418

Making a total of 26-i vessels, 2557 guns, and 218,016 tons. The aggregate

number of seamen in the service on thu -5th of March last was 7600. Tho number is now not less than 22,000.

Since the institution of the blockade 153 vessels, sailing under variou3

flags, have been captured.

The naval estimates for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, would amount to 50,250,000 dollars. - For the year ending June 30, 1863, they would be 44,625,000 dols.

TIlE FOSTMASTEIt-GENERAL'S REPORT.

Mr. lllair announces that he has accepted the offer made in 1837 by

Great Britain for a reduction of the international rate between the two countries on letters from is. to Gd., which, however, has not yet gone into operation, as it awaits the response of the British office. The excess of expenditure over receipts in 1861 was 5,391,000 dols.; the estimated deficiency in 1862 is 3,145,000 dole.

The Postmaster-General defends his conduct in excluding "peaceparty" journals from the mails. He finds his views supported by the authority of the late Chief Justice Story, whose opinion. he quotes.

Mr. Thitriow Weed, who is at present in this country, con

tradicts the statement thatfleneral Scott has returned to America in obedience,

to en urgent request from his Government. Mr. Weed states that the veteran

General lies gone back to Washington solely from a desire to be "at hi posI.'

at a time of threatened danger.

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1122 12-21-1861 PG. 620}

LONDON, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 21, i861.

LAST week it seemed difficult to obtain attention for any subject save that of the American crisis. "Who can tell what a day may bring forth 7" To-day, in the presence of the heavy affliction with which it has pleased the Almighty and Inscrutable to visit our beloved Sovereign and the nation, even the solemn situation in which we have been placed by the piratical act of.; the Americans is momentarily disregarded while we seek to realise the sudden sorrow. But the record of the week must be duly completed.

President Lincoln's Message, as a composition, is conceived in the same low moral tone and executed with the same maladroitnees which have characterised the preceding Slate Papers of his Government. But such considerations are of small importance compared with the indications of policy afforded by the document. There is no mention of the Trent outrage. From this cirdumstal4cc, and from a meaningless declaration that the president does not desire hostilities with England, some sanguine writers have hastened to assume that the act of Captain \\rjlkg will be disavowed, and the Southern Commissioners handed over to us. It is urged that Mr. Lincoln did not deem the act of the American Captain as worthy of notice in the Message, or that it is one upon which England has but to express her feeling to obtain immediate atonement. And this view is supported by reference to the fact that an actual wrong to British subjects is mentioned, and Congress is recommended to make compensation. We should be too happy to believe that so wise a course was that designed for adoption by the American Goveinment, but we are afraid to resign ourselves to so agreeable a hope. It contradicts the general expression of that part of the American public which makes itself heard, and which exercises a fatal control over the so-called government of the American press (with one or two honourable exceptions), and of the American Secretary of State. The House of Representatives has deliberately offered a vote of thanks to the pirate Wilka and though it is technically true that this is not precisely the same thing as a vote of our House of Commons, it is equally true, and more to the purpose, that the House o Representatives expresses the sentiments of those who, to the disgrace of the higher classes in the States, are permitted to engross political power. In the face of all these demonstrations, to say nothing of an official utterance by the head of the Federal Navy, we dare scarcely believe that the despatch of Earl Russell will receive the only answer which we can accept. Still we have only to wait and hear.. Our next Impression will, in all probability, contain the expected intelligence. The news regarding the struggle between the North and South merely states that General M'Clellan has not moved, "nor will he move until he is certain to win "-a somewhat indefinite date. We learn with something akin to disgust that the barbarous reprisal system is likely to come into effect, that prisoners are being cruelly treated, and may be actually executed in cold blood-facts which reduce a war to an abominable brigandage. The North, in its excess of zeal for civilisation, is also elaborately destroying harbours in the South, thus by savage acts giving the lie to the profession of belief that the territory to which the harbours belong will ever again be a portion of the Federal dominions.


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1122 12-21-1861 PG. 620}
NAVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE

The Times Malta correspondent, writing on the 10th of Ddecember says:- "Oidcrs have been receive jilth as aiUaa,ssssiA4e. lsips,o war to, LbraLiar, for the p9rpoc. it

- iS

- çp,yt\VarSyitlt he North AincrlcA,

jdgOer ~~nd the Queen 8 ant

, ';~' the 4 Irive already

left; a&l,iwo other liners, the AgamennOfl, SI, and the James Watt, .91, ata4 another gun-boat, the Foxhound. 4, wIll leave for the same dti.mUoa vs soon as they are reedy for tea, probably about Saturday ,,ext. The oloap Firebrand. 6, which arrived here on the 81! iron, Gibraltar, wai ordore,l Imok again i,n'nediately, end left on the Oils. Two frigates, the Arnpl.ion. .96. from Meosiivx, and the Licoy. II, fresn Cortss, have bun likewise ordered off by telegraph toe the Straits. It is reported that the naval force now  'nat4lng there a curia

l,aste will be still (infliCt au6tuCntc'd some of the hit; from tIn gie,l, c -

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1122 12-21-1861 PG. 650-651}

ILLUSTRATION OF THE WAR IN AMERICA. 
SKIRMISH IN VIRGINIA. 
ALTHOUGH there had been no engagement of note between the rival forces on the banks of the Potomac at the time of the latest despatches leaving America, yet attacks end counterattacks on a small scale be
tween detached bodice were continually occurring. The accompanying Illustration, from a Sketch by our Special Artist in the Federal camp, shows a skirmish which took place a short time ago near Fall

's Church,

Virginia, between a body of the 14th New York (Brookl'n) Regiment and a troop of Confederate cavalry. The 14th were surprised while out foraging, and, after a smart skirmish, both parties separated, the Con. federates, who lost three men, carrying off with them thirty-six prisoners and six waggons. The remainder of the 14th fell back on their supports with their wounded, leaving some dead on the ground.


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 656}

THE BOUNDARY BETWEEN THE UNITED

STATES AND CANADA.

Oua 1ilutration represents a portion of the boundary line where it crosses the Grand Trunk Railway or rather that brsnh of it which connects the Atlantic port of Portland, in the State of Maine, with the line between Montreal and Quebec. The boundary line is straight at this point, but afterwards becomes exceeding crooked, following the courses of strcamlet and a portion of the River St. John. Where tha line passes through the wildertiesses the trees have been cut down so as to leave an open avenue-stone posts being setup at intervals. A short distance north, on the Canadian side of this lire, are situated good towns arid villages, being theeastern townships of Canada. iletwecathein and the United States there exists no physical barrier: we may, therefore, assume that in the event of war it is upon this portion of tha

colony that the fir--t blow will fall.


{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 656}

THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA

BY the arrival of the City of Baltimore as-c have telegrams from l'4'w York to th evening of the 13th inst. Congress has not done anything of importance except to pass a rr'o1utio in favour of the adoption of measures for an exchange of pt iecneia. The President has rot iteii for the prcemmt to furnilh that body with the correspondence betwcn the Federal Government and foreign Powers relative to the European intervention in Mexico.

MR. SEWARD'S DIPLOMACY.

A mass of correspondence between Mr. S uward and the American Ministers in Europe has been presented to Congress. The matters

treated of relate to the concession of belligerent rights to the Confede-rate States, at whuch Mr. Seward is highly offended, atid to the adhesion of the United States to the Declaration of the Cutigress of Paris relative to maritime rights, an adhesion which Great Britain and France would only, receive without prejudice to the rights of the seceded States, and Which was therefore withdrawn by file United Statc. Time dispatch of reinforcements to Canada was also complained of, but justified on tile ground of the distrust of the United States' Government entertained by that of Great Britain and of the vague menaces uttered by Br. Seward.

 THE REPORT OF THE SECMETAUY 01' THE TIIEASL'RY.

Mr. Chase in July estimated the expenditure of the current decal year (July 1, 1861, to June 30, 1862) at 315,520,000 dollars; but, in consequence of the increased number of men levied for the army, his amended estimate is raised to 532,520,000 dollars. Of this aggregate he has already raised by loans the stun of 1117,213,001) dollars. The which ho had estimated would produce 80,000,000 dollars, had, partly owing to Congress refusing to pass measures he had recommended, and partly owing to the depression of trade, so fallen ott that he only expected to receive 54,500,000 dollars from it. For the purpose of tilling up the deficit, the Secretary recommends the confiscation of the property of rebels, whether found in the loyal or disloyal States, but his main reliance is on loans and taxation, lie recommends that the duty on brown sugar should be increased to 2 cents per pound, on clayed sugar 3 cents, on green tea to 20 cents, and on coffee to 5 cents, lie further recommends that the dirrt tax be increased, so as to produce 20,000,000 dollars from the loyal States alone, and not only their proportion of the same, on the fiction that all the States were loyal. He has a plan of excise and stamp taxes, lie proposes duties on stills and ditihled. liquors, on tobacco, bank-notes, on carriages, legacies, cvi tenecs of debt, and instruments for the convoyamice or property and other like subjects, such as will produce 20,000,000 fog. Inure. From the 3 per cent income tax lie hopes to procure ten millions more. The whole direct and indirect tnxes will thug produce V0,000,000 dolt. This sum is small compared with the aggregate property and annual earnings of the people.

 The teecretary's great resource lies iii supplanting the banks. Tbir circulation in the loyal States and Western Virginia amounts to a',34 130,000,000 ibIs. Ho arguc.s that this currency is a loan from the people to the balks, casting the latter nothing but the c tiseqe of P°se amid medcinption and the iitieveat on the specie kept in hand. Thcs advantages ought to be transferred from the stockholders of the banks to the national Government. He claims to find authority in the United States' Constitution for this measure, under time powers to reguiste commerce and the value of coin. his rielliorl of issue is to hand this national citrrcncy to the banks, who shall secure their redemption by itledge of United States' stocks and an utfiCitlate provision of specie. 'lIne people will thus have it uniform currency and the Government enjoy the advantages of a loan without interest. The competition of local basIc-notes is to h annihilated by a spccial tax, lie estimates the specie now in the United States at 275,000,1)00 dots. Existing Acts of Congress cnah,lc the Secretary to raise 73,000,00(1 do],. more

ta

h n ho lia yet raised on bonds and Treasury notes payable on demand, and 50,000,0011 dols. more must be raised by another loan.

For the fiscal year 1863 no reliable estimates cars be mad. Tue Secretary hopes that time present war will be over before midsummer; but in order to he prepared for all eventualities he sub-nits estimates based on the hypothesis that the war will continue. These estimates (including 43,000,000 dols, its interest on debt) amount to 175,331,001) dols., of which P3,500.IlOO may bc raised by revenue, leae:ng a balance to be provided for of 3711.531,000dsmhs. On July 1, 18621 bo Public Debt will be 517,37:1,00 dolt., and on time above hypothesis 807,37:1,000 dols, on July 1, lSid. lie thinks this loyal States alone could pity elf this latter suimi iii thirty years. Of the 72,000,01)0 dols. worth of hellion deposited in tine United States' ,'ltimmt in 1861, :J7,Od0,000 dollars came from Europe. The Secretary elect his report by recommending time adoption of an international decimal system of weights, measures, and coins.

The hankers arid financiers do not relish the propositions of Mr. Chase, so far as they relate to the suppression of the bank currency.

nEtajo EI1EET OI'EIIATIONS,

The Pe'lerals were about to occupy Tybec Island, at the entrance to the Savannah River.

Federal accounts state that the late artillery fuel at Fort Pickens

rcniltcd in no harm to the fort, but that Warrington and part of the

Pensacola Navy-yard were burnt.

A Government agent had been appointed to superintend the packing of cotton by time aid of time negroes in the neighbourhood.
CANADA.

The jounaI report considerable activity throughout CauaTa ixi

ox usiug the Militia and Volunteers.

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 657}


SLAVERY AN INSTITUTION AMONG ANTS.-Ten 110w species

of ants from the Ifoly Lael,eelleeted by I)r.J.D.ltookee and Mr.)). ilanhury, are deciitrl by Ne. 15n It ok Fmttl in the last number of the Joe 'etC of I/i,'

1,111 0 if. The lialiti of some species as wry loinS rkoltle, as still further saletanIlol rig the el dimwit that, some species, in the follilment of

their cccii sic, r'tiieo tb' ,iil oft distinct rate, or raLlier are dclx'ndeitt on slave-labour, for the erasing of ti lc young brood and for the lsirf,,rmanco of many

of the tolls . olceceleil so ttli the duties of their eot,tbliehinients (foritticuria).

The coon ci ion lotwi en )'entti,a viaticit and Attn cepli,ihotos is very retituksite. H. ltnu,,sl itilornicil Dr. Nyluoitcr that both op-c-b's are common is

ot is, live iii liertierous cc- -ietiee, slid cioustruct their foruticula usually in look, tie us nth at routleitlet. here conflicts take plum occasionally hi't'een the lot ii i.,' iiit tie Alto', the fitrieci loing itiw ays victorious, carrying Oil nob hero of Alt, captive, who liccistito henceforth nut- e.I,ises or Formica

lelicit, Yr. Bales, who has reoltitti several . at-s in Brazil, 'tales that lie net tithy chsrrvctl the stave-making ants carrying off pnp front the nests if Inure peaceable colnmunitim, but also witnmeesc-sl thus shiughmtoi' of the more ilefencehc -s SIISFICC. N. ltoosw-l observed Atta c'lhalotc, is great numbers

injoirfcethiglulolty iutlif seats of Formica. Vllltk'lI. -

{VOL. 39 ISSUE 1124 12-28-1861 PG. 657}

THE BRITISH COLONIES IN NORTH AMERICA.

Tint attention if the Canadian people at l be pro-out jirecture (says tli

]]at, 4tx Rcp nCr) is wisely directed to the all-important que-tiun of national defences." There appears to be a prevalent impressIon, which Is rapidly gaining ground among all classes of people, that they must t skz Inuiediat,, nicawises to pr-wits for the security of the province in easy of a smb'l,'im joys. simt fiont tat-ross the borders. The unsatisfactory state of retell ii h,etwci m Br idani and the United States brings home forcibly to every Intelligent Wan, the micoersity of preparing for any emerge-nay, According to late Canadian papers, the military authorities are making their preparations slowly and surely ; but still it Is obvious that, unless the people themselves afford united assistance, Canada, the upper province eopecialiy, would in case of war be in a most pci-Hoes position. In Quebec, and other parts of Low. Canada, there are fortifications of an impregnable eltar,tctcr; but in Western Canada, with this exception of Kingston, we believe thvre are lion" of any importance or strength. The cities or Toronto, Hamilton, London, and the towns of Niagara, Windor (Opposite Detroit), and it hundred 0th ' pta 'a, would be in most imminent danger if a wee were to break outs tihdeolyduring the winter or pring, for inst-nice. All the lighting, in fact, In Upixar Canada would have to be done in the open field or behind liaotils--ct,str:lsil batteries and earthworks. The importance, then, of forming a vohout,ece organisation all through the country is bccoioliig a matter wi,itlt cannot be disputed by any man of foresight 'alto values the safety of the provin-se. Already there tea general movement suede to establish v'ehunt,'or companies

 arid we are told that "there is every reason to irtlievo that much will be ifaso to place the militia fern's of the country on a better footing than they are at present, and thus to make this arm of the service perfectly reliable in else of emergency." The militia, we may mention, fit Canada, as well as in all the provinces, is almost a nonentity-little else thaum all umudicipllne I mob; and, unless stops are taken to drill and discipline It, It would be useless in the field. This fact is being generally recognised on all sides, and the prospect is that there will soon be a change some way for the better. In Montreal a general calling out of the provincial militia for drill during the winter is spoken of. In Toronto the Littler is urging upon the ofilc're of the sedentary militia the propriety of resigning their commissions or else taking Irnaseoliatia steps to become acquainted. with their drill, and lit many places all over the province it is said there is a desire among the sedentary ollicers to join with the active volunteers in order to learn their drill. Still, the Impression nmtiosigst men of good judgment and discernment Is that there is little reliance to be pleased on the militia, and that the best and surest mode of providing fir the defence of the province Is to form a volunteer regiment in every locality.

In Halifax (says the Reporter) the oil militia law him entirety gone out of practice and given place to the volunteer system. Nowhere in the British provinces, indeed, have the young men responded more heartily to the call to brat themselves into corps for defence than in Nova Scotia; and few, If any, of the colonies can present an equal number of well-drilled anti organised companies. Still, however, gratifying as has been the success that bias attended the laudable elfos't.s of the promoters of the volunteer movement, a great deal 10050 might be done In the way of Increasing the number of the foreOt all over the country. Both the LieutenantGovernor and General Doyle, on the nc-tn-sian of the net-cut volunteer inspection, very properly mails some observations one the Iiitportanco of obtaining additional strength to this volunteer ranks; and it is to be hoped that their advice still have some effect with the large numbers of young men who have as yet, all over the province, kept aloof from the movement. Very lately, in Bridgetown and I'icton, an effort has been male, and successfully too, to form a volunteer company lit each of these places: and It would be satisfactory and encouraging to see a similar spirit evinced in every town and village throughout this province. Lot this be done, and we would soon, like the mother country, be in a position to pro-eat a body of "Its-log walls" that could successfully repel any force that might tiwaic our shores.

 At the present moment perhaps no subject is of so much interest and importance as the facilities for the transport of troops over from Halifax to Quebec. The following statement, derlvc.tl from a gentleman who has recently triivelleti through New Brunswick, from Quebec to 1Ialifax,will be found interesting :-" Oil disembarking at Halifax the troops can be conveyed by rail to Windsor, Nova Scotia, about oiLy miles, from which point they can take Waivers amass the Bay of Fundy (which, contrary to popular Ideas, is never froze-ti over) to St. Stephen's, a distance of about IN) miles. Irons St. Stphen's, a small town of about 4000 inhabitants, there is a railway open to ('islet bury, twelve sullen from Wootletock, one of the largest towna in New Brunswick. From Canterbury to Wessistoci, the distance can either be marched over a good snow road or performed in eighss. From Woohetock a day's journey v. ill convey the troops to Great Falls, a distance of 12 miles, over eacellnt reads. From Great Fills the next stage is to Lake Port, a small place on the Temiseouta, and thence by sleigh over a very goad new military road (aihiich is kept open by the snail track three tint's a week, an by the operations of the luinberera), they will arrive at the List-re tin fstmp. Fortytwo miles of this latter portion of the join-net', and during which this only prat1k-al ittccnveotencis that will be eaterienred is thiroligli a forest district called this Portage, involving an ascent of ipararilo of 1111)0 feet. At all tli pelnt

named the troops could be supplied with refreshments awl lodgings in the houses, barns, and outbsiildltigo. The Only, scarcity with regard to provisions is in the article or Hour. as very little grain is grown in the district over which this route peals. Then' is, however, ahtmitlaiace of beef and 0th-sr pcovbton. Front the llivti-re flit Loop the true-to vs ill be conveyed by railway, a distaneG of Ill miles, to t,Sjehti'."

Accetittls from Kingston, (tastails, of thin Cth Inst., denote much activity in

null tory tinti svotiil,e preparations. C corral Sir Fetiwick 'iv illititito, acesullen-SI t -y Lietiteetant-Coloruel llohemtson, Royal Engineers, aol this menabeeS 1 the Stall, had made a thorough in 1ieclion of the failltiss for fortifying

- Toronto. Gusts of heavy calibre were lobe iiacc.b along the mmiagiimm of the hay in the vicinity of the Ntiihauil Old Fort-. Workmen were iturn,'Eately to coteracitce repairing the h,loekhou cc-, The men of the 30th Ilisgi ttlent avers sicily rttiphoyesl in the tt- of heavy guns. A party of Siagiuttot-ro, lOaptwcu and II terra, bind gone to Quebec, and a ittsnttlscr of thti'ttm woithi ittumiedimBly be 1 tc-tcln-1 westward. Mr. S. Cirnarti had gene to Quebec at the request of the Cit noti hut (iovcrnttmerut. The Unit arid another regiment were to is tent to this 110010CC ; and it was thought ostmto arrangenl'lst was likely to be elected a itht this' Csnttirih Company to bring lip these troolti at least too fir as llisi'iie du iosmp before the chctee of this navigation.
