Till famous steam-rams El Toussonand- El Monassir, which were built by Messrs. Laird, at Birkenhead, for, as is generally believed, the Confederate States of America, still lie in the Mersey, herS Majesty's ship the Majestic keeping watch and ward over them. It is well known that Earl Russell, acting on representations made on behalf of the Federal Government, ordered these vessels to be seized, and the purposes for which they were constructed will consequently become the subject of a legal investigation. Neither vessel is finished, all work upon them having been suspended. El Toueson, however, wants but little to fit her for receiving her equipment, while El Monassir is in a comparatively backward state. The two rams ar not .

...

unshapely in their hulls, but seem as well designed for swiftness as for strength. The lengthof each is 230 ft., the beam 42 ft, and the extreme depth less than 20 ft. The burden is but 1500 tons register, and the draught of each vessel when loaded will be some 15 ft., the deck being about 6 ft. above the waterline, all the intermediate surface being protected-first, by a coating of teak over the iron -skin of the ship, and then by armour-plates over that, each massive scale being k in. thick. All this armour is dovetailed together so accurately that the joints are scarcely perceptible. The deck is of 5-in. teak, covered with iron, and the bulwarks are also of iron, being made so as to let down outwards, and thus to dear the decks during action. Two revolving
cylindrical turrets, on the principles invented by Captain Coles, are appor. tioued to each ship, one turret being before and the other shaft her engine. room. There is also a pilot-house, strongly built of teak, and iron-plated. Each turret carries two guns, placed in close proximity, so that they can be brought to bear nearly in the same position at one time. The wall of the turret is a series of cellular spaces, like the chine of a shell-fish; and all these iron cells are to be filled up with teak, making one solid and uniform mass, which is to be again strengthened and rendered weilnigh impregnable by armour-plates. Each vessel is famished with a powerful, sharp iron prow or beak, protruding from the bow under the water-line to enable the vessel to

butt upon, to penetrate, and to damage an antagonist, somewhat in the way, though more effectually, that the Confederate ram Merrimac destroyed the Cumberland in the James River. It is from this feature in their construction that the name of" rams" has been given to these vessels. At each end of the vessel is a raised deck, forming tolerably commodious quarters for officers and men; and the forecastle is made to carry one or two heavy guns. In the captain's cabin are portholes for two 32-pounders. Their sterns will be so formed as to protect the screws and rudder from shot or collision. Each ram has capacity for 300 tons of coal. Our Engraving is from a drawing made by Mx. William Woods, of Queen's-road, Liverpool.
WAR INTELLIGENCE.

We have received news from New York to the evening of Nov. ±1. fieqaceS from East Tennessee announced that, after four days' wy skinnishing," General Longstree t had driven General beside's army into Knoxville and had "completely invested the ày? Seaeral Longstreet crossed the Tennessee River on the 14th tad General Burnside retreated before him. There was "skirmishig'.betweni the Confederate vanguard and the Federal rear; and a** 16th nit. General Burnside "formed a line of battle" at (bbdI's Stati. An engagement ensued, and lasted from noon itli s; when General Burnside "checked the Confederate.? thence," bat retreated during the night, and arrived at Knoxville a the 17th Wt. General Longstreet attacked a work in front of Innllle on the 19th ult.. and after an action which lasted some See the Federals abandoned their position and retreated to tger defences," General Bnrnside, we are told, in "private

epatrhes" of the 19th ult., "represented his position as secure, S statS that communication with Cumberland Gap is interrupted." Al tbettanooga the Confederates continued to shell the Federal camps Ma their batteries on Lookout Mountain. They were said to have iaSed large reinforcements; but the Federal army had likewise

leesfusued by the arrival of General Sherman's corps.

is nothing new from the Ranidan except that there had been

=SM skirmishi on its banIs, in which the Federals were

hb"sel. Gmer:f Lee's army was in position between the

Wea and Orange Courthouse. General Meadeh cavalry had

SInai to the Rapidan, and it was thought he would attempt the a of the river, the fords of which Lee had strongly fortified.

 Made visited Washington on Sunday, the Thth nba, and,

Am s tosiference with Mr. Lincoln, returned to the am t

tk Federals still keep up the bombardment of hat uutter.

accounts of the 17th nIt. state that four monitors had POW tip the channel, apparently to ascertain the depth of water, aitwenty -five shots had bear fired into the city, but had done

ese1 Banks's expedition landed on the 2nd nba at Bruce de batlagen, on the Tern coast, nine miles from the month of the Rio Cisede. On the 5th he occupied Brownsville without any resistance.

(4LNRRSL NEWS. Z* bounties offered to soldiers in New York now amount to 700

id had risen at New York to 54 per cent premium.

,United Buttes' Marshal had seized all the cotton in Nun'

cemetery at Gettysburg was dedicated en the itrie uh.

bwsst Jco1n, Mr. Seward. and the Corps Diplcniatiue were t. Mr. Everett made an oration.

7h Federal General N-Neil, whose name has vun rcndu:ed

boss by his vtiou execution of ten men in Missouri because a 'Usda man" had disappeared, had issued an order declaring that he

bssg a guerrilla each time whenever the telegraph may be cut *Oft St. Louis and Fort Smith.

% Rev. H. 'IS'. Beecher had delivered a speech at the

4lyn Academy of Music, in which he recounted seine of his

tS& ettflerie,ncee. He declared that the great intelligent minds 04 the lalsonring classes of England favoured the North, and he 1*saselleda friendly policy towards England.

Xe. Wendell Phillips, the well-known Abolitionist orator, had made 'P5C1I i*which he said that "President Lincoln had informed him ttc the Cream folly of his life was the issuing of the emancipation 7'baatjon." The T,'ilsae denies this: but the Bern/il asserts that

liacola has on many occasions expressed this opinion.

uiLajj transaction is reported of the Confederate agents in

i

The Admiralty, a short time ago, sold '" patfa screw gun-and on being sold she was permitted to undergo ecanerepaira %flttl& 5ffirdence of the dockyard officiate. Is was stated that the 1

U?teed far the China trsde and she was ostensibly fitted with that view,

6e I tame ass changed t, the Scylla of London. Several auspicious

its honer, occurred, and the dockyard efitcisia made a report to I UT vqw

The result was the receipt of an order at Shaernen directing e order, however, arrived a few hours too late. These vessel evidently suspected the intentions, of the Gorenisoat., I

1tawt? Ottt of the harbour. She immediately afterwards belated

fag, and phe new sails under the name of the I

hae.se& On leaving the Wore, the Rappaluinnoek ailed direct for . 1 setter, which she entered as a'Cosfederato privateer. The Costosni'

Lift at Csjaja In answer to a question, have received Instructions from

ttftpbannoclt to leave whenever her captain pleases. It Is have also sold the Amphion Cyclops and Phirnix tn About the middle of ootcher ,structlons werereeeived

a. . reciting that tnt all cases In which vessele of war were sold out

the greatest care should be taken In removing all the gun fit

urnin them to the War Department" The Victor, Cyclops, and no dubt, stripped of their gun fittings, but these could be r&

'anel 1" nitieh dltcnJty have the somewhat singular statement an u

it t

ndeubisd ram" was launched there, with atsemn up, a that, after taking on board a number of" fioathent-leoklng Moffflkeathot"
ILLUSTRATIONS OF TEEN WAR IN AMER10A. BY OUR 8PBCTAL kTIST. Mnc of our formation respecting the war =happily raging in America comes from Northern sources, and is, consequently, more or less tinged with the particular views, not to say prejudices, of the writers. The accounts from the Southern section are, for the same reason, equally fallible. Yet they see-re as correctives, and enable em to make a nearer approximation to the truth. Besides, looking at events from a diereat standpoint, the writers are able to see much that to those of the other aide must needs be blank, thus completing the picture and making clear what would otherwise be obscure. By their help we see both sides of the shield. It is, therefore, with particular pleasure that we receive a batch of sketches, with aecom'aziying details, from our Special Artist and Correspondent in the onih-a pleasure heightened by its rarity. In a letter accompanying the sketches our Correspondent writes of numerous drawings which he has forwarded, but which we have not

received. Among others, he particularises a sketch of the Battle of

(Jhicamanga, tha°position of the Federal and Confederate armies in

the Valley of Tennessee, and two large views of mountain scenery.

Blockade-miming has, of course, it failures. Some of our

apondent's packages are doomed to the Gulf Stream, whilst others

fall into the hands of the Federal cruisers, whence his sketches find their way occasionally into the pages of the illustrated journals of New York. In the latter case we mast solace ourselves with the conviction that, though lost to us specially, our Artist's labours are not lost to the world.

Four of our Special Artist's fllaatrntrons appear in the present

Number, arid we give the accompanying descriptive details from his

pen, in the order in which the Engravings they refer to stand in our

 pages. Three of them, it will be seen, have reference to the siege of

Charleston.

SCNB ON T3B TBNESSER B KB.-OONFBDEBATB EKARPsnoYrsas WRING AT A. FEDERAL SUPPLYTRAIN.

Since the Federal army has sought refuge in its intrunchmenta at Chattanooga the Object of the Confederates has been to disturb its communications, arid, if possible, to break up its suppytrains. With a view to this, a small force of picked men from General LongstreetIs corps, armed with Whitworth telescopic rifles, were posted among the crags of Raccoon Mountain, o'rerlookmga road on the other side of the Tennessee river, in use by the Federals. The position chosen was twelve miles in rear of the enemy's works, and, unfortunately for theni, was not guarded. At the invitation of Captain Gorres, who was to take charge of the pasty, I accompanied the expedition; and the only way of reaching the place and avoiding the Federal scouts was by taking the Indian trails through the forest heights. Scarcely had we arrived at our destination and got the men hidden behind the rocks, when, far up the gorge, could be heard distinctly the rumbling of approaching *heels. Presently emerged the leading files of an infantry escort, followed by the first waggon. The order was not to fire until the open space of the road in front of us was filled. At last came the word, and a score of sharp cracks leaØ in deafening echoes from crag to crag, and a score of mules, with their riders, went down, creating the most dire confusion. Then came such a stampede as was never before seen. The teems in front endeavoured to gallop on, but were prevented by one or more mules hanging dead in the traces; others behind made effort to turn, but got blocked by those in the rear. Crack ! crack! still went the rides, until the road was chokedwith dead and dying men and mules, and overturned waggons. The escort, after firing a few shots in return, fled panic-stricken, followed by the exulting shouts of the Confederate riflemen.

 TEB TBDliRALS SIIZLLING THE CITY OF LRTO SHELLS nrns'rio IN THE STREETS.

The Federals as yet (writes our Correspondent on Aug. 24) have accomplished little or nothing as far as dash is concerned. In fact, general Gilmore, thwarted in his attempts on Battery Wagner and muting at his frequent repulses, has demanded the surrender of the het-named work or has threatened to shell the city; and, in violation if all rules of warfare, he has turned his guns on unoffending women and children. The shelling commenced at midnight, but, fortunately, lid little harm beyond terrifying the ladies left in the city. One iouseonly wasseton fire. Isend you a sketch of a scene I witreseed in the neighbourhood of my own quarters. A fireman is unning through the streets giving the alarm, and a watchman, hoeoaghly overcome, is taking1eave of his senses and his staff in the oeegsonori. Fortunately, the gun burst after a few discharges. The litae was over four miles.

TRE P'LGB'l' FO THE P.IYLB.PITS IN FRONT OF BATTERY

'WAOirEit, ORLm'rolT.

During the last days of August the enemy made a great struggle

Or the pc.eon of the Con lerate rifle-pits In front of their own

works. In their first attempt they were successfully repulsed; but

ui their second, the night after, they succeeded, owing to the bad xmdnct of some North Carolina troops, who were on picket. If sketch illustrates the first effort made to dislodge our troops, in whic he Federals were defeated, with great loss. The entire garrison of Wagner, which is only a sandwork, never exceeded 1500, and this brave bend defied the combined attacks of the Federal iron-clad navy and an army of twelve thousand men.

 In our works. The peeping p(cket us the base, near the Charleston side of the and timidly at its. They are all gone into the to undergo a prooeasof slow' Incremation, by the crnrnhing rubble filling ever around and upon them from all sides. An awful and futile duty Is theirs- to remain on this memorial of desolation, to suffer ,low but certain death, as the exemplars of afortiltude and tenacity unf"'"1 by the muse, that evokes and exacts from these men the sacrifice of their lives. About 30 ft., it is estimated, have been taken from the average height of Fort Sumter, except upon the east or sea face," where not more than a hilt of the original structure remains. The flagstaff has been thrice &iot aWSy, The flag is pierced nd mutilated almost beyond recognition and the Seid of white is all gone, only portions of the starry cross remaining. 'Bull do our patient, Impasetre gunners pound away.

SLAVES AT WORSHIP ON A PLANTATION IN SOUTH

CAB0L1N&.

LINKED with our Special Artist's Illustrations of the War in America is one from another source, of an entirely diffrent aspect (see page 66l\ in which the owner of a cotton plantation, South Carolina, is, with his wife and children, engaged in Divine worship, surrounded by his slaves, in a state of almost patriarchal simplicity. In the character of the negro as developed in the Slave States of America

the two most marked features are his capacity for strong attachment and fidelity to his master when kindly treated and his stirceptibilhly to religious influences. This latter quality is carried in many cases into the region of fanaticism; but a deep, simple, and fervent piety oharacterises a large portion of the slave population, especially those advanced in years.

The illustration bearing the above title is from a sketch made in a

rude chapel erected for the slaves on a cotton plantation near Port

Royal (South Carolina), now in the possession o the Federal forces. The "incumbent" was an intelligent old house servant, a slave. He could read, but not write; and his extempore sermons, although sometimes marred by his predilection for high-sounding phrases and long words (not always appropriate), were characterised by strong good sense and a certain rude native eloquence, often rising to the dignity of pathos, and admirably adapted to the comprehension and temperament of his audience. The Methodist persuasion is the one which finds most favour among the slaves in the Southern as well as among the free negroes in the Northern States.
TK P! PO 2K WLE-PITS I FRONT OF BATE WAQtRi, omnnsro.

During the last days of August the enemy made a great struggle

the ?oeaesaion of the Confederate tide-pits in front of their own

UlZkB. In thr first attempt they were successfully repulsed; but m t second, the night after, they succeeded, owing to the bad x,ntiuct of some North Carolina troops, who were on picket. M

iketch illustrates the first effort made to dislodge our troops, in which

he Federals were defeated, with great loss. The entire garrison of Wagnsr, which is only a saudwork, never exceeded 1500, and this brave band defied the combined attacks of the Federal iron-clad navy md an army of twelve thousand men.

r irriaa o MUTER AF  A OOTNURfl BOBAD.

MErr B TEB SRO -flAfl'EILIF.s OF THE FSDBB.ALS.

The Federal commander, General Gilmore having succeeded in

lrecthig batteries on Morris Island some time since, commenced the

ombardment of Fort Sumter with 200 lb. parrotte at over a range of

wo miles and a half. The grand old work which did such good

wrice on the 7th of April last was unable to reply, and its brave rarrison was compelled to be silent spectators of the gradual demolition if its  Ihave frequently paid visits tothework sincethebow.

ardent commenced, and the malosed. Illustration will give you air des of the severity of the fire coucentrated. upon it. Every gun is lioruted and nearly the whole of the parapet is swept away. rhe gorge-face Is one man of ruins, and the caseinatee scarcely afford to the garrison. The furl will be held, however, as long as a siokresnalns;by the bayonet, if necessary. Such i the eter-

 ROUI1sG OM .A*OG "TM U=S" OF F0RT7SVWraL Is a letter "Waked in the Yew York Tri&ua. we find the follow. ig description of Fort Sonte salt stood a few weeks ago Who of those could recognise it in that forlorn-looking mass of rubbish to whJ the guns of a juet1y.Xnoms fatherland have now retuced it? On the xtt west corner, nearest to Oharlestun, are some faint indications of what it once was. A few suaxc yards of masonry remain o,mp.rativnly iinluart. Yet even here the parapat Is knocked clearly away for a space of iitew feet at le and the eye rests on a house standing in the line Of vision in the shove of ncUlvsil's ISland, beyond the north channel, that Intervenes etween the land and the fort. Pbflow the lagged ouUineto the me; and you ee other bouse peeping over the p ottbsbesp. Of some yea can see ue5riy em half, from the crown of the roofs d.wnward.. Of others only the chimneys nd upper shingles were visible a few flapa ac, and now the cloud of every het, clearing wmy, showe you more cc tOting, to prove that the mound t bricks is being gradually decreased in height. The shots and shells pound wsy at the remalns, on an average, one in each half minute, through the ,ntlre day. All night long the mortars in our two advanced works go n with their pulverldng practice. 'What stvuotereof brick or stone,

old stand such hammering, so kept up! But it to a ie east face, or sea-mil, of Sumter that destruction has dose 1t work. Rerehas concentrated the

re of the army and navy. Pour monitors-the WethawSre, the Patapeco the latakill, and the Lehigh-have since Taeeday kept up their awful fire of 15 In. hells. Many of these fall short. Some of them go clear Over-and beyond heir mark. But when and where they strike the effects are noticeable in the masse of matter that lmtneillataly fly and fall from the parapet or aides of Ire work. A breach has been effected over which a storming-party could pass o a few minutes to the interior of the fort. The north-east corner partially

ademined topples end threatens momentarily to tall. And still do the loUeø conical shells bury and explode in the walls, and the wild IGOIb., 00 lb., and 100 lb. shots follow them, to complete the overthrow of what the nd have mined and honeycombed, Row men can live, and move around in

um Is a xryatery-it Is almost, indeed, a mirsols. They manage every seeing to fire frost the top of the hemp, new the west angle an

eveixlsç gun' at sunse and to drop the flag. But latterly even him-have had tc hal modified, The sunset gun is only the

ring of a bag of powder, w1fctjh is a signal to the city that the garrison

old out. Wracnlng the vasnasi resnnnfl of the ft round its frail stick is

is only salute 44A given to the declining orb of day. The would-be

ia.rp&reotexs art ffi_ea'Jnly at the gunners
It is stated that the law officers of the Crown, in Scotlar

have decided to take legal proceeding-.4 In the case of th2 t'amp3ro, a

)anncbed on the Clyde, and aahl to be Intended for the OmfeIer.tte sorv1j.

AMERICA. Wait

The Confederates have sustained a severe defeat in Teanesse. tth a daring confidence, General Longatrest hastened from before

F With some 36,000 picked troops, to carry Knoxville, 100 miles to the north-6"k by a coupde-main. Buraside slowly retired before him, disputing the ground, till he was within the in re 1uuenjs of that town, which. Longatceet had by the last accounts invested, except on one skin. An obstinate resistance was expected, 1uniside having ord to hold out to the last extremity. Mewhile, the heavy reinforcements under Sherman reached Chattanooga unexpectedly early, end Grant resolved at once, to relieve Barnaide by uastdliug Brag. On th htth nit,. by a series of skilful n1aflctvres, aitil after much hard 11gb-tin l-, be drove the Confederates from Lookout Ilountain a hhasiunarv Ridge which overlook Chattanooga, capturth, it is said, PneCm era and sixty gnus. Next clay Bragg hastily retreated from tic, po&tion he had taken up, ahaudoaiiig I stores and materials, id deEroyuug the bridges behind him. "The rout of the eeemy GeneralGrant, -,was complete,, Brag retired towards Dalton, in the direction of the railway which com' anmicates with hnoxyjile, Here definite information ends
General Meade's whole army crossed the Bapidan,o the 27th alt.,

at Cn]pepper and Germania Fords, without encountering any

resistance. The Confederate army, which was said n 50,000 men, was believed to be falling back towards had, however, been previously stated that a battle was i minea, that President Jefferson Davis had spent two days in re Confederate army.  viewing

At Charleston little progress had been made. The whole of 46 seawall of Fort Sumterhad been battered down, but the Confede. were erecting bombproofa on the ruins. The Pedej.J5 had bw repulsed in a demonstration on rafts against Fort Snm

Richmond Enquirer of the 11th nit, gives the following *,vi,,

of the several Federal attacks on Fort Sumter :-Since the 30m,.

ment of Sumter, commenced on the 17th of August, up to Thurak last, 15,588 shot had been fired at it, of which 12,302 Twenty-seven of the garrison have been killed and wounded. The flag has been shot away thirty-four 'times, the average weight of shot being 00 lb. The weight of iron, 3,l16,00o lb., or 115,439 lb. to each man killed, and 30,307 lb., for each casualty If the charges of powder averaged 15 lb., we have 86&91b. eath man killed, and 24341b. to each casualty. Siunter in ruins l&ugi at her enemy, who still fears to pass her battered walls. Oharleatca be a valuable iron mine in the fort.

The Southern papers have a report of a defeat of the Fedad

General Franklin in Louisiana; but there is no confirmation Of %6

story.

GxNRAL flcWS.

The New York Tribune affirms that President Lincoln will

zmamee in his message a plan for restoring the States to union which will b in accordance with the furtherance of the emancipation proe1jit±i,

It is pretty evident that Abraham Lincoln will be the BepuNicus

candidate in the next presidential election. The Abolitionists

said to have nominated him for re-election by the mouth of I.

Weudell Phillips. "The man who had the heart to originate the emancipation proclamation," says the Abolitionist leader, "ought to remain in power six years longer at least." This decided nttan sufficiently disproves the story which represented the President, the authority of Mr. Phillips, as saying that the podam5tjou w the greatest mistake of his life.

The New York Times states that the number of negroes who hays

been armed and mustered into the service of the Federal Govern

amounts to 40,000.

1o less than 5821 men are advertised in New York as not haying

reported themselves for service in the Federal army, although their

names were drawn from the ballot-box as draw'hted men.

By the opening of the Atlantic and Great Western line to Cleve

land, in Ohio, passengers can now, for the first time, be coaveyed, without change of carriage, from New York to the lakes-en unbroken distance of 618 miles.

Admiral Lissovaky has selected Hampton Roads as the winter

quarters of the Russian fleet. The Brooklyn navy-yard was offered,

but he declined, on account of the difficulty of ceepiag his offisers and men on board near a large city.

The New York Times asserts that 2,000,000 bales of cotton am

said to be stored at Atlanta, which General Bragg wijl have great difficulty in removing before General Grant reaches the city.
AT length the Federals have gained, a General, and. that leader has gained a victory, which may fairly be described as a great one. General Grant is declared to have destroyed the army of Bragg. Chicamauga has been more than avenged. The Confederate commander is described as having fled amid the rout of his forces, and to have abandoned his guns, caissons, and waggons. Fifty cannon are stated to have been taken. Bragg was flying, at the last accounts, to Dalton, burning bridges and destroying all behind him; and the victor was pursuing him with all possible speed, but had tarried to cut up the railway by which Longatreet might have come to the aid of Bragg. From the position of the antagonists it is clear that the rectification of statements of detail, or even the information that the demoralization of the Confederate army is not so complete as has been stated, cannot alter the fact that General Grant has done a great thing for the North, and that, for the first time in the war, the Federals have won a brilliant victory. We attach no value to the statement that this success excites no enthusiasm in the North, If it be not recognised for what it is, the Federals scarcely deserve a General who can win such laurels. But we make no doubt of hearing that the North is quite aware of the greatness of the exploit. And we cannot see the wisdom of those who seek to disguise the fact that the resources of the Federals have at length begun to tell terribly upon their enemies.

The Confederates cannot afford to lose an army. They have not the means of recruiting, in the first place, and, in the second, they lose the strength and, flower of their population, instead of a class which we dare say the Federal authorities think are just as well occupied in receiving the fire of the

Southerna as in loafing about the streets of the Union cities. Not that we would be understood to direct this remark at the whole, or even the majority, of the Northern armies, which have in their ranks thousands of estimable citizens but the Federal authorities have used the "dangerous clauses" very plentifully, and not unwisely, and can send them to the front in almost any number to replace losses; whereas the Confederates have no such power. They put forth their best strength, and when that is overmastered. they suffer very much more heavily than their antagonists. We imagine that this blow may be regarded as the beginning of the end,

 It is only due both to victors and vanquished to point out that this, the most remarkable victory of the North, has been won by the very best soldiers whom it could launch upon the foe. The Federals of the West are a flea and. sturdy race, not likely to quail before the rush of the Confederates, who come on like a tempest, and have so often swept the newlyraised armies of the North before them, These Western Soldiers

Longatreet had certainly got Burnside (or else Foster, in the "temporary absence" of Burnaide) shat up in Knoxville, and was besieging him, although it may be true that actual investment, such as is understood from the ordinary use of the word, was impossible. But, if Longstreet had access to the only road by which the encaged General could escape, the result might be pretty much the same as a complete investmen. On this point it is not easy to obtain accurate information. Bat one thing is certain-namely, that the Confederates can less than ever afford to lose time over Knoxville; and if Meade should be fortunate, Buruside will be even more so, without action of his own to justify his good fortune. We may expect early tidings as to this feature in the campaign.

We may repeat our belief that the Confederates have at last received a blow which will have a visible effect upon the fortunes of the war. The rule in mechanic', that when two forces come into collision one must give way, is true in war; but there are so many retarding and balancing influences which come into play in military matters that we are always a long time in ascertaining which is the superior force. It was doubtful in this American struggle. There was a vast numerical majority on the side of the North, and there was a navy, and there were all the resources of urOpe at her command. The odds, no doubt, seemed. very great against the South, but she contrived to reduce them so enormously by her display of military skill, by the daring of her troops, and by the unanimous sentiment of hatred for the North and of resolve to work out independence, that many observers, not usually hasty, believed that it was the latter that would soonest weary of the contest. We believe that the problem has flow been solved, and that the game is beginning to be decidedthat is to say, supposing no intervention take place, and the North be left to measure itself steadily and. remorselessly against the south. The Federals may lose another army aid send a new one to replace it. The Confederates may lose another army, but would not be able to replace it.. It i as 1 chess-when once the balance of power is gained, every ezehang does but more severely damage the chance of the weaker. The work of subjection, which Earl Russell declared, early in the war, was the work that the North had undertaken in its resolve for empire, will be done, if permitted. And if the South ha-re a friend who intends to take her part, he will do veil to lose time. We do not hesitate to mark the news that has come this week as the most significant which we have had. since Bull Run, and we shall see it so accepted as soon as the details shall have afforded the public mind some more real view of the case than is presented by the bald language of a telegram.

Nevada territory is said to he the richest

eontryintheworld. It jestimated that the produotof this year 43,000,000.
- charged with a fierceness equal to that of their foes, and were

probably superior to them in the stubbornness which has given

so many a victory to English warriors. Then it mud

remembered that, if the details already obtained be correct

the South was largely outnumbered; and, finally, it mud not be forgotten that, whereas Grant was fresh at his work and had all the confidence of his soldiers, Bragg had for a long tjnj been on such ill terms with his army, or at least with his ctie officers, that the presence of Mr. Davis himself had. be necessary at the camp to set matters in some kind of order. The Confederates, therefore, went into action against an enemyas °uod as themselves as regarded physique, and better off in numbers an in the relation of the General to the army. Take all this into account, in justice to both sides, and still Genera (f remains the victor upon a glorious battle-field. English wrke will not show the impartiality and fair play on which it has been, and justly, the custom to pride ourselves, if we refuse to a brilliant exploit by the North the admiration which we have always been ready to show to Confederate valour and endurance, While Grant was defeating Bragg the Virginian. army, which

• it was asserted that Meade was unable to move on aocoi,

of the state of the country, had resumed the offensive, had crossed the Bapidan. at three fords, and was advancing upon Orange Courthouse. General Lee would doubtleg8 be prepared for the encounter; and, as he did not resist the Federg General's passage of the river, he is supposed, with probability, to be trying to lure him into a trap, or, at all events, to design to fight him on ground of Lee's own selection. If this hattie should be decisive, and Lee be defeated-a result which knot to be calculated on from past events-the Confederates will have to consider whether they will give up the game or

concentrate themselves in some restricted but easily-defend

portion of Secessia. On the other hand, if Lee bests • Meade, here is the old see-saw work over again, only that the Confederates are weaker by an army. The telegram says that rumours of an unfavourable kind were going about; but, under the circumstances, the statement seems to us to have no significance.

Longstreet had certainly got Burnaide (or else Foster, in the "temporary absence" of Burnaide) shat up in Knoxville, and was besieging him, although it may be true that actual investment, such as is understood from the ordinary use of the word., was impossible. But, if Longstreet had access to the only road. by which the encaged General could escape, the result might be pretty much the same as a complete investmen. On this point it is not easy to obtain accurate information, But one thing is certain-namely, that the Confederates can less than. ever afford to lose time over Knoxville; and if Meade should be fortunate, Buruside will be even more so, without action of his own to justify his good fortune. We may expect early tidings as to this feature in the campaign.
Everything in 3facnilla is good this month. Mr. ingsley's story is continued with unabated spirit, and the anonymous tale, "A Son ofthe Soil," bids fair to develop a new writer of rare merit. Mrs. Gaskellwrites a touching notice of the late Colonel Shaw, Commander of the

first negro regiment ever raised in America, and a choice example of the singularly pure, gentle, and considerate type which the heroism of New England so generally assumes. & strange contrast is afforded

isv Professor Maon's vary tp,1 acetmnt of +1 lat. T', 1ri
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

LITTLB more than two years have elapsed since the Northern

Southern divisions of the United States would indulge in a large fight

in the field without loss of life or limb to anyone hero.

who could have exhibited an honest yawn resulting from over fatiM in the use of his aims-or legs-deserved to be decorated. The turient mountain was, in the end, at least blessed with some img, although only a mouse; but it certainly seemed that American would have all their labour in vain. Their engagements resi,J tea in no more than do the engagements of "many a gentle girl and hey." they were broken o long before the happy day could possibly l ii, fixed. Or, they may be said to have resembled Barmp

feasts, at which all parties make much dumb show, go away a trifle more hungry than when they came.

a time arrived when blood was tasted, and since then it has been

dicult to say how much blood has been spilt. A. reniaik indication of the magnitude of American battles comes in the shape of print. To the list of Northern journals, or magazines, a ne was added in November, under the title of The Sanitary Commjj5. Bulletin, to be published twice a month, at a cost to Bubthea of two dollars annually. This bulletin chronicles all reOorts and in. formation concerning the sick and wounded of the lortheru y the moneys received and expended, the different hospitals of different cities, the number of patients going in and out, the doctors, the -Sisters of Mercy, and everything besides that so dismal a subject can suggest. The scale is prodigious. Our own 'Crimean philanthropies might be added and not felt-put on board like a lone-boat. The United States' Sanitary Commission declare that their expenses at the present moment are forty thousand dollars per month; but that is quite independent of supplies from "every village Sewing Circle, or Soldiers' Relief Society, or Church, or Dorms Association." They have thousands of noble women connected with their work; but they want tens of thousands, nay, "five hundred thousand, other women, of similar views and feelings before the sup. plies can be accumulated in adequate quantities." A. novel kind of relief is the "Home," at Washington. Here, during a period of nine months, were received nine hundred men who had, their discharge. papers with them, and consequently had no kind of claim on any military fund. They had been discharged in good condition, but had fallen into disease and want on the road; they would have perished, but for the Home. There is a fine spirit in all this, for which every Eu4iahmau does not give credit to the Yankee. et all this charitableness, springing as it does from envy and hatred, may be as a mere nucleus of doctor and Dorcas to what may come if Mr. Lincoln remain advised by his present advisers. He is said to be severely attacked by the white House Fever, a disease which generally seizes U. S. Presidents in their first November, and invariably lasts four years: that is, from the day of one élecfion to the day of the next. The fever consists in the restless longing for re-election. There may possibly be some connection bet*een the fact of a General selected and the probable voting of an army for the next presidentship. If this be so; if the supposed influence of offiorr over man be so great, an unskilful commander may gratify Mr. Lincoln's four summers of vanity at the cost of some two million men. Of these a goodly iiuinber may average from six to twelve months in hospital; and charity will have to bridge over that terrible river of Time which never could be successfully forded by the exchequer of Mr. Chase. Perhaps, after all, the White Horse Fever may not be so deadly as alleged. No matter to the patient; to him it is a royal road to illness.

14... +... +k

n'* i i.,.
AMERICA,

WAR INTELLIGENCE.

By the latest accounts from New York, to the morn-mg of- Dec. 5, we learn that General Meade, ending Lee's position on Mine Run Valley too strong for aesault, retreated on the let inst. to the north of the Rapidan. It s supposed that Meade will go into winter quarters near Washington. The Wurhnon &csr, an official organ, declares that Meade's eampaan was a niilitary failure, It is rumoured that General Sedgwick 'will supersede Meade,
The defeat of General Bragg was, it seems, not so dis tea as at

first reported. The Confederates, surprised in their precon retreat, were bewildered and disordered, but they soon regain their coolness, and showed so strong a front, that the Federa bad giy up pursuing them, and General Grant had resolved o the campaign farther till the spring. Of the proceedings at Nnoxvjije the papers leave us in doubt, and whether Longatreet has or h retreated, after having attacked the city and been repulsed, rsaj uncertain. According to one account General Bragg 1ia seded by General Eardee, who is preparing to resume the eeajy a a'net Grant.

Charleston we have the old story of continued ing, little result. Despatches have been received to the let inst. with was throwing twenty shells per diem into Charleston. The smiling of Fort Sumter had been discontinued.

General Banks announces the occupation of Brownsville, and says

three revolutions have occurred in Matamoras. The first wag adv5 to the interests of Mexico and the United States. Everything, hoe. ever, is now as favourable as could be desired. GENERAL NEWS.

President Lincoln is said to be seriously ill, his malady being

smallpox.

A large meeting has been held at New York to raise voluutee.

The Conservative Union National Committee, at a meeting 1i Cincinnati, nominated General M'Olellan for the next presiden.

Mr. Gunther, an independent peace Democrat, has been eleet Mayor of New York by a large majority, defeating the Tamy, and Mozart Hall and Republican candidates.

The Confederates keep up continual attacks on the steam

navigating the Mississippi.

Strong abolition resolutions have been introduced in the Missaeaj Legislature.

The famous guerrilla Morgan has broken prison and escaped from

the Penitentiary at Columbus with six fellow-prisoners; and in snj

of an immense reward offered by the Federals for his capture, t5ji5

or dead," he has reached Toronto.

Thirteen steamers ran the Wilmington blockade on the 19th nJ

INDIA.
AMERICA. PBESIDENT LINCOLN'S MESSAGE AND PROCLAMATION 01' AMNESTY. I

Congress met on the 7th inst., and on the 9th President Lincoln I

delivered his annual message, which was accompanied by a proclama

tion suggesting terms for the reconstruction of the Union.

President Lincoln declares that he will never, attempt to retract or

3nodify his emancipation proclamation, or return to slavery any person freed by that proclamation, or by any act of Congress. Little

nn be done, however, towards reconstruction until the military I

ascendancy of the Federal Government shall be thoroughly estab

lished, and the chief care of the Federal authorities must be devoted I

to the army. The relations of the United States with foreign Powers are friendly; and the British Government has exercised its authority to revent the departure of new hostile expeditions from British ports, while the Emperor of the French has likewise promptly 'vindicated the neutrality which he proclaimed at the beginning of the contest.

me questions arising out of the blockade of the Southern coasts

have been discussed and accommodated in a spirit of frankness, jus

tice, and national goodwill. It is proposed to refer to arbitration a question concerning the territorial jurisdiction of Spain in the waters of Cuba; and there have been some differences respecting the treat

ient of foreigners found residing in the Southern Confederacy.

The message states that the receipts during the year from all sources, including loans and the balance in the Treasury at the cornmencement of the year were 900,000,000 dole. The di bursements during the year were 899,000,000 dole.. The receipts from the Customs' were 69,000,000 dole., and from the internal revenue, 37,000,000 dole. The amount received from loans was 776,000,000 dole. The dis-

 ursements in the War Department amounted to 590,000,000 dole.,

and for the Navy Department to 63,000,000 dole.

The message further states that there are 100,000 freed slaves in

the Federal service, half of whom are in arms.

The Treasury Secretary's report, which has-been published along

vith the message, recommends that the taxes on spirits and tobacco be increased; states that 460 000,000 dole, must be raised by loan to defray the expenditure till July, 1864, and 546,000,000 dole. be provided for the expenditure of the year ending in July, 1865; estimates that in July, 1865, the debt of the United States will amount to 2-200,000,000 dole.; an declares that the Secretary will issue no more 'Jreasury notes.

President Lincoln's proclamation, accompanying the message, grants iOt only an amnesty, but a full pardon and restoration of the rights of property, except slave property, to those taking the oaths prescribed in the proclamation. The amnesty is to be ac-coed to those in "the rebellious States" who take an oath of allegiance to the United states, and another oath to support. the emancipation proclamation and all other proclamations issued by President Lincoln, as well as all acts passed by the Federal Congress, since the outbreak of the ."rebellion." But all men who have held odicie under the Confederate Government, or who have served in the Confederate army or navy in a higher rank than that of colonel or lieutenant respectively, or who have resigned Federal commissions for the purpose of joining the "rebels," or who have treated coloured soldiers otherwise than as

mrlsoners of war, are to be excluded from the beneftt of the amnesty. If one tenth of the Legal voters in any "rebelliouS State" will take the required oaths and estblish a Republican State Government, that Government will be recognised and protected by the Federal authorities. .The New York 7',.g5, and :l'inie3 applaud President Lincoln's zeassage. The New York Works thinks the message to be good as an electioneering document, but considers his plan for a reconstruction to be absurd. The Eeth York Herald believes the President's plan for a reconstrueticin will he a failure. -

- nAVISS MSSAGB.

In the Congress, Mr. Colfax, a Republican, has been elected Speaker.

A vote of thanks has been passed to General Grant and a meal

ordered for him.

The commercial intelligence from New York has the stereotype

heading, "Money tight."

A letter from Port ifudson states that a grand review of the whole Corps d'A.friqne has taken place, and it is described by those who witnessed it as a magnificent affair.

The Senate of Georgia has ordered the enrolment of all citizens -

over fifteen years of age for the defence of the State.

Over 1000 vessels have been captured since the blockade was instituted. The naval force consists of 688 'vessels, 75 of which are ironclads.

The steamer Chesapeaks, from New York to Portland, was captured by sixteen Confederates, who left New York in the steamer as passengers. They landed the captain and crew at St. John's, but they killed the second engineer. A. large number of steamers has heft New York in pursuit.

The Federal ship of war Vanderbilt has visited Penguin Island, and

destroyed a large quantity of coal stored there. She has also seized the British vessel Saxon, laden with the cargo of the Federal vessel Conrad, captured by the Alabama. The Saxon was sent to New, York in the care of a prize crew.

rxrlT A
- PRxSBT )LVXSS MZSSAGB.

The Confederate Congress opened its Session at Richmond on

Monday, Dec. 7, and at noon on Tuesday the annual message from

President Davis was received.

Mr. Davis deplores the disasters which have befallen the Southern

cause since he transmitted his last message, but declares that ultimate

success is assured by the spirit and perseverance of the Southern

People. "The determined and successful defence of Charleston against the land and naval operations of the enemy afforded (he says) an insoiring example of our ability to repel the attacks even of the iron-elsa feet on which they chiefly rely; while on the northern frontier our success was still more marked."

Taxation is recommended for the purpose of diminishing the ex

isting deprecation of the Confederate currency.

The President complains bitterly of the partiality shown the

Pederais by European Governments, and especially y the English

Cabinet; and observes that the Southern Confederacy might justly retaliate by declaring a paper blockade of the Northern coasts and making prizes of neutral vessels trading to Northern ports, or by refusing any longer to recognise the rinciple that an enemy's goods shall not be seized in a neutral ship; Out he does not recommend such a resort to retaliatign, and. prefers to await a return of England to true neutrality.

lfL Davis recommends the abolition of the substitute system and the modification of the exemption law, so that the army may be l5rely increased as'rapidly as possible.

.1Le regrets the suspension of the exchange of prisoners, and that

°Ufli]uicatioU with the trans-MississipPi districts is so greatly obstructed.

In conclusion, he says:-" The enemy refuse proposals for the only

ace possible between us. The only hope for peace now is in the v1go of our resistance."

WAR jews.

There has been no change in the situation of the belligerent armies m

General ]ongstreet, whose losses during the siege of Knoxville

estimated by the Confederates at 600 men, has safely prosecuted his retreat as far as MorristO, East Tennessee. In the late battles neat Chattanooga the Federals lost 4500 men. They took

•000 prisoners and 46 guns. The Federals are preparing or the winter defence of Chattanooga and Lookout Mountain. General °P11 Johnston has been appointed to the chief command of the I crate army lately under the orders of General Bragg, who had

(beintemporerily replaced by General Eardee. 1ucceSse5 axe reported of the Confederates in Georgia and

Gieral Banks has returned to New Orleans from the Rio Grande; is no further intelligence respecting the Texan expedition. The siegn of Charleston is proceeding. its usual slow pace. The Fedj have-ceased to bombard Fort Sumter, and, are turning their b5tterjes on other Confederate defences of Charleston. The monitor eehawken, while anchored at the entrance to Charleston Harbour, dun dtarl sunk ng-a gale  dtlurty-Of her officers and crew were

- bsldo1tLineobs'a health is inroroviiig.

tlenatè, $t. Suniner, of fasstehusetts, has given notice of a

b]l to rpeal all- Acts for the dit()IL)f fugitive slaves.
THE last mail from America suggests at least one cone sideration to which we may venture to look with a certain amount of complacency. We have fresh and valuable testimony

to the impartiality of Englishmen in reference to the American-quarrel. It may be useful to note this, as hereafter, when the war shall be over, and the new state of things, whatever that may be, shall have been inaugurated, it will be extremely convenient to be able to appeal to facts, as admitted by the Americans themselves, in order to prove that we have never departed from the principle of fair play in our treatment of the unhappy war. We have taken neither one side nor the other; we have recognised the gallantry of each combatant, but we have refused to permit the sentiment of admiration for a people fighting for what it considered its rights to lead us into a recognition of those to whom WC could not even have sent an Ambassador in safety. Nor have we allowed our detestation for the slave system to induce us to give material aid to those who, at the out$3b of the war, not only did not fight for the slave but offered big continued slavery as the price of the preservation of the Union. That we have held the balance fairly has been hitherto chiefly: proved by the abuse lavished upon us by Northern speakers and

writers; but the South, now that nothing can be gained by: forbearance, is taking up the antiEnglish cry, and Mr. Davis. is as "bitter," if not as vulgar, as the .2Vn, York Herald

Here it must be remarked that the Southerns are simply

returning to their original state of mind When the South had opened fire, the first gun was a signal for its journals to dej8t from abuse of England. For years previously nearly all the serious and earnest American attacks upon this country were made by the paper above mentioned, and other papers which, if issued in the North, were in the hands or at the command of the slaveowners. The lighter impertinences of the "Yankee ' press were not things to be much regarded-they were the effer' vcscent effusions of national prejudice, and little more. We caricatured the Yankee, and he called us names; but these inter' changes of blows broke no bones. The power in the Union W

Southern power, and for years all the more important 0ce3 were filled by able men, who foresaw what ashingtOfl had foreseen, and who, as we now know, were preparing everything for the outbreak. They knew that there was one great question in which England never could be with the South

interest-the question of slavery; and there was, in their attacks upon this country, a reality of hatred which it would be absurd to confound with the petulances we exchanged with the mere Yanbee. We are not complaining of this. The South believed that it could not exist without the 49 domisti

institution;" and, as Mr. Davis fairly says, England thought that institution necessary in days gone by; At the same time, he has no more right to visit the sins of our fathers upon us i

•to assail 118 for bating- nobler views a to our duties tO our black fellow-creatures than our fathers held than be has to upbraid I3
for discarding oil for gas, and stage waggoas for railway cars.

Letting this unreasonable taunt pass, as little in accordance

with the spirit of progress so much talked about in America, we would say that the South, and, those in the North who had Southern interests, hated England for a very good and natural reason, and lost no opportunity of imparting that fact. It is one which this Journal, in the recollection that its pages are not prepared for the day only, lout will be referred to for the history of the times we live in, has repeatedly brought under the notice of our readers at 'tie time when the gallant struggles of the South were exciting Sr admiration that tended to make a generous nation like our gn forgetful of certain antecedents, which, nevertheless, .ought not to be forgotten.

But the Sumter gun silenced the anti-English Soutlierns, and 'the Confederates fought on in a way which has never failed to command English sympathies. We were never brought face to face with the slavery qurstion, for the reason that the war, 'when It began, had nothing to do with slavery. Or, if we had to touch the topic, it was forced upon us by the hypocrisy of certain folk in the North, who had the coolness to describe the -war as waged for the liberty of the blacks, while the Chief Magistrate was solemnly offering him as a perpetual slave

o those who would make submission to the Union. IHaTing ridiculed that outrageous nonsense, we had ample hilawe for admiring the shill of the Southern leaders and the bravery and endurance of their men. These points became more and more worthy of note as the war went on, arid the North, after its first clumsy struggles, went to work with more -earnestness, made a real blockade, and by enormous levies from a,wortbless population which it was only too glad to expend, measured its military purse, so to speak, against that of the South, but to a large extent gave counters for sovereigns. when the sea was blocked up for the South and it was forced to take to manufactures which it had previously -despised, and when its citizens were sent out to sacrifice their valuable lives against the rabble which the TortIi hired for the fy (be it ever remembered that we speak only of the earlier levies of the North, and that we do all honour to the Federal -citizens who, later, responded to the call of Government), it was almost impossible not to wish well to the Confederates,

Tho were contending against nearly all the disadvan-tages that can be opposed to a people in arms. And -we may safely appeal to themselves, and also to the

• Northern press, which flamed with indignation at England's

-courtesies to "rebels" (there were some rebels in America, if we remember aright, in George UL's time, and they gaw no sin in rebellion), whether the British press and British society generaIy were niggardly in recognizing Confederate

•e±ploits and endurance. Bat we would not recognise Xt.

Davis, because, among other reasons, it would have been rather humiliating to England had a nobleman sent out with ore-dentials to that gentleman been snapped up by a Federal cruiser, and compelled to. write to the Friga -Offlee from Lord -Pons's house. --  - -

-The larals. having abused us for three years for not yin
aJJu1Ja 0 LLWLICO.

'The Fed erals having abused us for tI*ee years for n ym

athising with them and wishing Mr. Seward the suecesa over the Confederates which he wishes the Emperor of Russia over the Poles, have began to understand us a little better. Mr Reedier

•ire with his treacle,and eve since bb returahas put very little

1riaistone into it not more than cotild be expected from a

:1iti clergyman. Mr. Lincoln is almost complimentary,

and is not afraid to say that we have not encouraged the breach of treaties, and have shown some good faith in ratraining the supply of armaments to be used against aMeudy nation. The Herald certainly menaces us with a Monitor or one of her sisters, which is to be moored "opposite London," and is to make the capitulation of the metropolis a necessity; but, as the American ironsides seem

i have an unpleasant habit of sinking at their moorings, we

-=ay regard this threat as a friendly joke for the present. We

-b'ehaved well, it seems, in informing the Federal Government

f the conspiracy in Canada; and, upon the whole, in spite ed the threats to tear old Mother Englends hair, we believe that the North is regaining its good sense, and, even should the war end in three months, as Lord Lyons is reported to believe it will, we shall not, we think, be attacked by a Federal fleet on this side Midsummer.

But now it is the Confederates' turn; and they resume the'

line of argument and invective of old days. We are selfish and timid, and, at the same time, sentimental and bold; and we are so autocratic that we abhor the idea of a new and a free State; and we are so democratic that we detest the natural ar5stocracy of America. We do not care in the least about the slave; but we let our interest in him make us blind, to the claims of the free man. We are glad to see the Union split up, and we desire that the yoke of the White House should be imposed upon these who detest it. We are horribly afraid of -a war with France, and we have menaced Napoleon with the fall of his dynasty if he interferes in behalf of those against choth the Orleans princes fought. The floodgates hive but just -opened, and this is nothing to the cataract that is coming.

Well, it is Christmas, and we are hound. to have no ill-feel

ings against anybody. But, even were we not chronologically fettered, we could entertain no anger against the South for thus bearing large and valuable testimony to the impartiality .of England. We have pleased neither party, and a judge who gives a just sentence is usually similarly unfortunate, But the diepleauxe of extreme people is the crown of the moderate and righteous. Therefore, we are well pleased at the close of the year to add to our record that the South is as angry with us as was the North.
ale -ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA. an ec more sketches by our Special Artist and Correspondent in the South have, after considerable delay, reached us through one of the bo: many gaps in the blockade. Three of these are engraved on pages Fr I and 664 of our present Issue, and appended are some details 31, by cin Correspondent respecting them :- 50: Bi'TL OF CCAMAUG-T CO DRTB GEKZR,A.L HOOD ha RECEIVING 1115 WOUND. Os Té battle of Chicanianga, of which your readers will doubtless have thi beard long before this sketch can reach you, was one of the most ab brilliant victories ever gained by the South, though, unfortunately, p not decisive in its results, for, owing to the incompetency or apathy Ch of the Confederate Commander-in-Chief, the Federal General was i allowed to collect his scattered columns behind the intrenahments of to Chattanooga. The fight commenced on the 19th of September, and Ge fluctuated throughout the day with varying chances, both armies occsying

all

their respective positions when darkness put a stop to the tak

conflict. At twelve o'clock on that night General Longatreet, to the :

great delight of every one, arrived on the field from Virginia, and jr Immediately assumed command of the Confederate left wing, con- In sisting of his own corps of tried veterans from the banks of the jiltC Rappahannoch and Potomac, and Buckner's division from the army of !lisst Tennessee. On the morning of the 20th the battle was renewed, General Longstreet sweeping everywhere from his front are the right of the Federal host, crushing them back before the advance ha' of his victorious brigades. From the nature of the ground, which OW was thickly wooded, I found it impossible to make anything like a drawing of the battle, not being able to see more than a hundred yards either way; but I have selected an incident for illustration,, which occurred in almost the only open portion of the field. You t will recollect that General Rood was severely wounded in the arm Le at Gettysburg, and though still suering, and compelled to carry the by injured limb in a sling, he accompanied his glorious division to the banks fir of the Tennessee, General Rood is, to my mind, the Bayard of the  ha

 Confederate army, literally sans peue' St sear reprocke, and those who j

have seen him, as I have seen him at Fredericksburg and elsewhere, at RI the bead of his gallant Texans, will admit I eulogise him no more than Li he deserves. About two o'clock on the 20th General Rood found his P1 division in front of an opening in the woods, which ascended abruptly for some three or four hundred yards to a most formidable Yankee  he

position on the shirt of a dense piece of forest. Fallen timber served i

to make its natural strength much stronger, and behind this fortification of logs were posted large bodies of Federal infantry and

B tuuneroos pieces of artillery. General Rood determined at once to carry the position by assault, and, forming his men into two lines, gave the order to advance. The leading column moved forward half ti way across the opening, under a most withering fire, then paused for a .an instant and discharged their rifles rushing on, with the bayonet I through the smoke. At this moment (fleneral hood was cheering for- t ward the second column when an Enfield ball passed through his right thigh, smashing the bone to pieces, and as he was removed from the field he heard the shouts of his soldiers proclaiming their success and his revenge.

CHATTANOOGA AND THE FEDERAL LINES FROM THE LOWER IUDGS OP LOOKOUT XOUNTAIN.

In this view the exact positions of Chattanooga and General ltosecranz'a army are, I think tolerably well defined, the town and camps of the Federalists lying in a bend of the Tennessee river, which here forms the letter U. By drawing a curved line across the superior portion of the letter you have the defensive line of works thrown up by the Northern Commander, and will thus see that his is a position of great strength from the fact that his forces are concentrated in a small space, his left and right resting on each bend of the river. The Confederate lines run from the river at the base of Lookout Mountain, extending along Missionary Ridge, and terminating again on the river to the extreme right, the Federals having the inner side of an arc, and the Confederates the outer. Missionary Ridge is formed by tub range of lulls running from the right across the lniddle distance, and from amidst the foliage may be seen peeping here and there the sparse tents of the Southern army. Beyond, still to the riht, arc the lofty peaks of the Uaitka mountains, forming a portion of the A.lleghany chain, and the whole scene of valley and distant purple hills, with cloud shadows sobering the rich tints that sparkle in the golden autumn sunshine, make up a landscape that requires no further assistance of nature to make it perfect.

VIII IV OF CHATTANOOGA AND TEE FEDERAL POSITIONS PROM

T1111 tury cntcre 05 t'Its CONFEDERATE LLNES.

The point of view of the accompanying Illustration was the lower slope of Missionary Ridge, near General Preston's head-quarters. The lofty hill on the left Is Lookout Mountain, round the base of which, extending to the Tennessee River, the extreme left of the scuthern line runs. Beyond, to the right, is Racoon Mountain, and next comes Waldron's Ridge. These are spurs of the Cumberland Range, clustered round the town of Chattanooga, which lies under the shelter of Cameron's Rill, a thickly-foliated mamelon. In the middle distance are the Yankee camps. On this side of them, near Vie centre of the Engraving, lies the Star Fort, while on the extreme eight is indicated another very strongredoubi, bothbeing united by lesser
works and a continuous chain of trenches. At the foot of the elevation from winch my sketch was taken may be seen the Confederate hue of breastworks, and in the wooded middle ground the pickets of the opposing armies confront each other within speaking distance. The drawing, however, which I made from the lower ridge of Lookout Mountain, will, I think, give a better idea of the relative positions of the contending forces, as in that the Tennessee River is seen, and even the inside of the Federal works.
