11-inch and 15-inch guns, on the devoted saudworka during the

=I da mm th assault At a little dt,-r eight in the g Y.T..k:Ft=d wil three brigades, believing that a bombardment of twelve hours' duration from ordnance of hitherto unheard-of calibre would have demoralised or driven the garrison out.

=could not have had less than NO men engaged, some of whom the parapet and died there; yet with only 1500 to oppose them, they were eventually driven back with a loss equal to the entire force of the Confederates in the fort. The period chosen for my illustration is the moment when the last shell fired from the fleet bursts over the battery; and the troops, illumined by the glare, are seen ruing to the parapet to repel the assault. Some of the enemy have already reached the crest of the work, but only to pay for their temerity by falling where they stand."

Our Correspondent remarks, in relation to his other sketch"The Appearance of the Ditch and the Southern Slope of Fort Wagner the Morning after the Assault-The horrible scene that met the eye the morning after the attack beggars description. All through the night we could hear the screams and groans of the wounded lying within a few yards of us; but as a continual fire was kept up by the advanced pickets it was impossible to do anything for them without running great risk of being shot. Early in the morning, however, the Federals sent a flag of truce asking for a cessation of hostilities, that they might bury their dead. The first demand was granted, but they were told they could not be permitted to come within the lines of the Confederates, and that the latter would perform the last offices for the fallen enemy. In the ditch they lay piled, negroes and whites, four and five deep on each other; there could not have been less than 250 in the moat, some

rbai1y submerged; and, altogether, over 600 were buried by the Southerners.
1si sun ssaeue.

Tim TYPICAL flNIcEE,-There is certainly something

striking about the prevailing American type. That long, lank, fleshless form, that straight hair, that stoop in the shoulders, that colourless face, those by no means bad yet somewhat harsh features, that high hot fiat brow, those pale, thin, Compressed lips, that sad yet shrewd and coldly humorous expression, remind you at ovary stop of that complex yet distinct original which the great Nova-Scotian stereotyped in "Sam Slick. To give the genuine Yankee a family air throughout the Union the costume at present in vogue contributes in no small degree. The fashion has lately sprung up, and it struck ma on my arrival as an innovation at variance with all my reminiscences & Xfnericasi look. The true Yankee shaves his upper lips and sometimes the edge of the nether one, allowing the beard to grow stiff and straight on the thin, it is the cut of heard that anyone may observe in 'the portraits of President. Lincoln, and I should not wonder if, It is the First Magistrate who sets the fashions in thin Republican laud, as Lint 'Charles- Xe Or tbry IV. did in their respective kingdoms, exorcising the same spell S the Empress En gdnia had on the skirts of ladies' gowns and on the frizzled fronts of ladies' coiffures In Prance. Nay, I shrewdly surmise that the peaked beard, d in Lincoln, is something like a political hedge and cognfsanoa in this country. Your ins Republican, your out-and-out Abolitionist, is as acre to strike you by his pantaloon tuft on his chin as the old Puritan made himself known by his closely-cropped head and thick, bushy moustaches. Witbontany pretension to enter into a dispute about matters of taste, I may be permitted to say that the present fashion Is, to say the least, an odd, one and the least becoming the American face that could ever have been invented. The dense mass of hair that incurnlèis-the lower face, genersily black or vary dark, enhances, with no pleasing effect;- the length of the hare upper lip-a feature-by no means the most pleasing in the American countenance, as it is apt to be heavy and fiat, with the corners of the mouth drawn deeply.down towards the chin ; aeon at-a distance, that Capnchln-like-b&ard, 00traatingwlth the blue sndwhite shaven akin, looks like an unreal appendage, a. maSqusrading disguise, end it wears rather absurdly with the high shirt-cOURt,, the long, closenttoned urtopt, and the broad-brimmed hat, which very generally make up with it the sti4ctly Republican garb.-fle Times' Special CanctPctsdmt.
A gold chronometer watch has been presented by the United.

States' Government to Captain Robert Clark-, Master of the British ship General lieU, for rescuing the crew of the American ship Seargo, cc the 16th of March, 1862. An extract from the Scargo's logbook stated that the captain and crew were rescued when their vessel had Ift. Sin, of water in the hold, and when their destruction seemed inevitable.

Tho 1ii6nn mmiaelni,pre' -1- ir, (vhan, 965 tons,
AMERICA.

WAR NEWS.

ITA" is no important news from Charleston. The Federal. were raed up to the 15th ult. in shelling Fort Moultrie from Morris aad the Confederates were maintaining a steady fire upon the

}I 3xition. A few incidents are reported. A magazine in one

of d* batteries upon James Island accidentally exploded on the 1.

alt., causing the death of a Lieutenant and five men. One of

at guns belonging to the Confederates burst on Web, owing, to the piece being too much elevated in an attempt

aw £ long shot. General Beauregard, it is stated, unfavourably

mpob the ree of these monster cannon, and has telegraphed to the mtitiea at Richmond not to send him anymore of them. General G has tendered his resignation on account of a disagreement wrah As3mixal Daiulgren. It is supposed the latter will be superseded. Cand frauregard's official report of the repulse of the boat attack e ter. dated the 9th nit., states that the captures were 113 Ii

eatal Fivatas, four boats, and three flags.

The DM from Virginia is important. General Lee has fallen back

ba the line of the Rappaliannock towards Gordonsville. General

aa £zy was advancing, but its vanguard had net yet succeeded

ps the Rapklan, although there had been much skirmishing,

ui ihbctgh it was reported that the Confederate army was not hap ead was about to retire on Richmond, or even, according to asea inmour, to evacuate the state of Virginia. It was said that I

Gs'asal Jdas ton had been summoned to command the Confederate kTftA is Virginia, in the room of General Lee. who had proceeded to the leu*b for an important purpose, and that a large portion of Ceasral Lee'! troops had been moved southward to join General Longatreet's corps having already arrived at Resaca,

"oil Beagg was believed to be strongly established near

in Georgia' there had been minor engagements between t vieions of his army and the Federal troops in which the Cste3 claim the advantage. The Federal General Roeencranz o have assumed a strong defensive attitude at Chattanoo"a. h ted that General Burnaide, at the urgent request of t'he

Fejaa ho withdrawn his resignation.

The little Rock, the capital of Arkansas, by the Federals S . The Confederates retreated southward, pursued I

byibe'  cavalry.

& ter had been experienced by a portion of the Federal ex,p0

sh kith, under General Franklin's command, had left New I 3vhaaa for teza,. An attempt to effect alancling at Sabine Pass had I*St rapelsed by the Confederates, who captured one Federal gunboat i

sad 4ratrayed another.

The purser of the Tasmanian furnishes the following particulars i to the captured shin Atlantic, the recapture of which was

It our last :-" On the 3rd nit. the British brig Atlantic at Ilavenash, having been captured (with cotton from

off the Rio Grande del Norte by a Federal ship. A

;e oaw, ecasisting of one lieutenant and six men, was put on

!oi.1 to take her to New Orleans, leaving of the Atlantic's crew

captain, ship's cook, and the boy on board. Whilst the

&uteaant and part of his crew were asleep, the captain and

QbW two aucecected m securing them, and afterwards the watch

*. and having thus recaptured his vessel took her into the

Part Sf

(4 the more recent doings of the Alabama and her consorts

k kend recorded in our Cape news.

be called, the Governor though; wtlrjut exol. : .. i  rv'. of

the State. Hitherto. certain re1igio a c l'! s I

exempted. for conscience sake, from mil.arv  ail a

=inks they should be indulged no lI:ag,r, and re, ir L a. any rate, to work on the frtizication it they cannot, acay r:1t All foreigners. too, except travellers and tempo 7sejcraer., si. ll share the obligations of native Virisiaas. and carry arms for the State.

not physically disabled, the Governor enocludas that ahie& form nay

he raised of sufficient strength to defend the teniecry against the

inroads of the enemy.

Peace Pr positions in the Virginian Legislature have bn ;ate., i , down by thirty-eight to one.
flSCELAOt's.

Mt LiIiCÔln has suspended the Habeas Corpus Act throughout I tt States in all cases where the military, naval, or civil

oeem hold persons under their command or custody as I Of war, Spies, alders, or abettors of. the enemy, enrolled,

9=1 MhU4 or mustered officers, soldiers, or seamen, in the c deserters. This suspension will be continued in isg the duration of the rebellion, or until President Lincoln eMake ft. The Judgeof theNewYork District Court has that President Linolu's proclamation prevented writs of being granted in ca'esoccurring before or after its issue. ibe*zas have =Tied the Maine election by a hi

has commenced to construct a national railroad I

h%'5Da*,Ule, Kentueiy, and Knoxville, Tennessee. ati of affairs is reported to exist on the Kansas-Missouri

hs

014 àis )lailial 1*w is in future to be rigidly enforced throughout of the Missouri.

'"'mad  announces the'iieath of General Sam Houston,

0 a residence in Hunterevifle. He was seventy years old.

, 7

A  Ch from Memphis, published in the New York papers, Sar5

not occurred in Mobile on the4thult. A party of

i5' *lm, to the number of C04), paraded the city with exciting I

all their banners, such as "Bread or Peace I' The soldiers

4I i(%sition to the display; but, in some instances, the atkmted to arrest the progress of the procession. Intense

California are to the ltth nit. The steamer Nevada IMTSII at San Francisco from Oregon and British Columb*

*ghk tris "'of dollk Ihk treasure.' ban bad commenced munnin° from to with seventeen miles of San José, over the Western

se1xu*d. Twenty-five miles would be in order for passenger

* month, The rest of the road to San José will be con'mry. The steamer Senator had sailed for the southern loaded with passengers and freight for the mines flfl miles east of the Colorado River, now called the milking dkricL q excitement in the southern part e)ticerning this new district was very great. and crowds wing in that direction. Parties receI,t)y returned to Los sub dhle quantities of gold report discoveries of had in the San Francisco mountains, and exhibit rich

flhia ltion of the State Legislature of Virginia was opened 1t} oh., t Richmond, When Governor Letiier delivered an I "ims;og rlessag, He observes that the Federals baring

'o thsoMti.t5 illeahiable of making head against the regular f lbS Obth,, had resorted to a policy f desolation, and were iAta  ec4tin,na into Soutlien, territory on missions of dectis

Iis'r. And havoc. To repel these taiils it was neceaary to

9"'It'$ Of local force but the task had become a hard one.

till Inihitaty force of rue State, militia included, had been

the armies in the field, so that the Commonwealth 'd SltbSut any organised levies whatever. Every fl hiting

men are usually defined. had been alrcwl ff so IL the new hocil militia hind to he extent-In Oeh linlsn'feet or neglected materials as remainel.

'toy over aj5tC,,, and every man under sixty, eliotibi
MACON, GEORGIA.

Tax MwR of Mae ia the heart of Oeoia. is about kety wilm

of the capital M1BeeviUe, ow miles mahandred -east of sad witbIa oe hnn&d sad fifty of Chattaaooa, on the

of The ice1saoe of Macon has great) y increased moe the cornof the civil war.  Thcogh foe many years it has boen a

Madam aD4 !!=61 ag tow new foundries and factoeies have Jakly tmg ap;  e d?pôt of large Government stores; and as

anger $4roAthtn Its neI1nborniaood so does its "nom aug.

at-nt. k'accn will probsy beeon,e the e of operations snd

=%W~ for the Cowe~U* Wray of the waft; *nd A,"Ax, an the

of nUway from Tcunesaee  be peotected.

The direct route between Vfrgieia AM central Georgia has hitherto

heen hi the Virginia and Postern Ten ec Uathd, through and Chattanooga. The Ices of these two places will now

eceapel the Cfderatas to abandon that portion of this 'rery ret&tt line of trac their sole reaeing one between the capitil

and the uth-west, and t)ns greatly hamper their future coin

us with Coorla. AIcbama, al Wet: FlonIn.

aan r4 Atlanta are each the contra po:nt .F !Jvrg r!!ra'

and to reta these two zow is now of the u:c: importance. The httle tcwr cf Rne, w!ere a portion of (eeraI  g's ainy 1

iueaett sati rel is a zhe e ninakr ci a brah aiiway a extreme rth-wct of

Macon has hitherto felt cotdparatvely kw of the .

ae4eut co the war tLT1 hlocka.ie. On  prs:

shuadant, and were sold at their unk! prices long afier rie-4 i: 1 vanIshed from the borders of the Confederacy. It it sitnatci upon the

easalgee z{ver, a branch of the Altaureba.

to the abundance of tzeeS that conceal the Idnge, our

conveys aseaaewbat land quateidea of the sin of the town,

!her has a popnheiow of some six or seven thousand people. Like

oaa WW onthern towns the very wide Sweets have a row, sorae

liasea a 4cabe row, of t Iy-Øanted trees dawn the middle anti

each Ad*. bordenag the pave t4, or

wbom as well as in the private gardens, the catalpa, mixncea, aflantMa, and other flowering nea, with varidica of oak sad willow, kST lnxuriant1y

CcUe-e Bill from which the abetch is taken. is one of a high ran 40,

with taudsotue p.h1h,i utic AMA private kcet te

made and appoaehes to wheh remain in irimit:ve wih1ne'. M bee -e*eea, which the LII co,a:an1s. is one of the p-h thcroeghIa. At the etreity it the Ciny C rthoae; or. rçbt is the tall sire Of the Pesbyt. rau, and ui the left the o of the Ieops1 Cburb. Here and there another church or seese taller be.ldings p forth fri the trees. gleaming e

i in the brig It nsh:nc; and the nn Sting di:.nt mantiy jrewla in a cheered I 1capt of dark Iorettt ut I orop ef

golesen corn.
C URflENT .LITERA

Bcrdet and Bail ilk. By the Author of "Guy T4yin

Tinaley Brothers.) "Guy Livingatone" a1ait,

candour to be expected of him, that his U eaeis so far as it principal object was concerned, & "ffle, complete." His admission cannot, unfortui can be and should be generally regretted. Pr wbt h..-' stirring can possibly be conceived than a descriptis . * witnessed campaign by the author of "Sword and Go"-? So can describe in fitter language than his all that nertabia •

ternaisof war. Hehaztheartofexpressing inhp. ' steadiness of the "thin red line" or the stern ava. ,.

bayonets, or the irresistible rush of an impetuous of armed hoofs, the rattle of scabbards, the flash of word of command, and "a low thunder of arms." i

is a little too fond of accoTupanyin his sword-thre . *

rible blasphemy," until the expression raises a smile iw a shiver; but, in spite of all that, there is no modern writer w%rs mere powerfully excite his reader's desire to dare , dare do "no modern writer who can more ftu in his reader all those evil and angry passions j? be the labour of our lives to subdue. Bells. /zerri4a themeforsuch awriter; audit is in certain seas to be d4s5.,..5 that he should have been reduced to put upon record of a not very extraordinary voyage across the Atlantic, J apaa evenings with the ladies of Baltimore, of experience is borsi,. of drinking.partiea and drunken Irishmen, of wanderjsw in monk ' a ford, of an inglorious capture, and of a dreary, thoq imprisonment. As he did not succeed in joining the Oak" army, of course anything he has to say upon that 3a$j5 worth so much more than what any other absentee has to say sa'L suVerior in mental acumen to that other. Except as a ftsft Of opinion founded upon hearsay, it is of course worth eracti He is, however, competent to speak as to public opinion is where be lingered a weary while before he could find a golds, which he appears to have returned ever and anon whea flabe is attempts to gain a footing in Virginia, and that he &ehrep 0; 10 overwhelmingly in favour of the Secessionists. It is ai that he, being "one whose enmity to ,aIl purely reib&sa bug. tutins will endure to his life's end," and who coashtssa k to have been unjustly imprisoned by those amongst whom ' republican institutions" prer all, should have strong sàj touching his captors and oppressors; and it will be es believed that he does not express those opinions in the waked oad and the most temperate language. To speak truth, his narrative, bee the time of his capture to the end of the volume, is not o'rer to the "cool Captain," or Major rather, for that appears tobeitbes the title most commonly conferred upon him. Even bei, em a great Emperor, as Louis Napoleon is witness, cannot &1an a certain ludicrousness from attending their capture, be. 4iganyzç generally be maintained by the actual captive. This ew vow s€ems to have forgotten when he abuses the Je-A&va threatens him on paper, and amuses himself during his eaptmty "chang" the Federal sentries. It would have been better to and such sentences as "officials are justified, I supposs, Is avellag waste of time and trouble; perhaps it was more p1 to fr's a subordinate than to risk the short discussion that an isser'iev wl have Involved;" and "should the changes and t*sern of do mortal life ever bring me face to face with that jovial Jed os sa neutral ground, by my faith and honour I will say is hsw short words not hard to understand." aeeiaee r isi'ha servare inentess is a good precept, which our author, thongli & *4 appears either not to have remembered or wilfully t here lpa. He may have been outrageously treated, but that fact 1&** -61 044 his "pitiful story," nor does his behaviour under his trials eeis much sympathy. levertheless, his "Jeremiad " may be sead no small gratification, for in it one traces here and there the slashing, savage style which characterises "Guy flvIaon*. ___

Our Old Home. By NAtuANIRL H.tw'raoaNa. (2 vs

and Elder.) Mr. Hawthorne has been justly said to be a am d

genius, and it is almost impossible for a man of geuis to E t volumes uninterestingly, Although, therefore, in thin eelleisa 41 articles (intended, it may be presumed, chiefly for Amerkezs4 thesa scarcely any subject new to Englishmen treated of, they are in a manner which makes them entertaining even b) tbe Briton. The first paper, which gives some account of l(r. Hbs*e experience as American Consul at Liverpool, will be Malta by .: readers the most novel and the most amusing. There in humour in his description of the manner in which he was his countrymen, who, after the usual American taalis, that he was in a manner their property; would each of these AP" $1 him as "myConsul ;" would, with that idea, visit him 10 Jap insist upon shaking hands with him severally, El a man to draw him out, and, having heard what he ba4 to *7 himself retire contented (or discontented) with their " The ct.iier papers consist of dissertations, cynical and mona in tone, upon the English character, Bi#h English places, and English institutions-whence the tWs O Home." To show how extremely bilious Mr. Hawtkaas VWd kW been when he penned his sketches it is unnecessary *o do 1*'I

aw Wk

append the following quotation -'SI desire, =V=

courteous; but,since the plain truth must be of England produce feminine beauty as rarely (It!) as they

cate fruit; end, though admirable specimens of both On * be"

with, they are the hothouse ameliorations of refined a" moreover, to relapse into the coarseness of the oflç*. men are manlike, but the women are not beantif u], anof Bull be well enough adapted to the male." Mr. ±t*WW, OTW really have his eyes examined by a good octilt; have happened to them since he wrote "Transformation, seemed to be a judge of the beautiful.

The .Rev. 4l(rei HobhisA and hü CieCd*. By tbi met
EARL RtBLL ON ABJflCAN AFFAIRs.

Kait Rw.il. who has b residing with kit 6iy tktansy PrtheIrt. for mane antettai b th time" en the eae to a pbllc dioner, wbkb was ha4 in the PbIk H at Zlairwrio Le*

Saturday itt roor. lib Lohiilp wan Me at the tèlr at by a rocank4 otanitñg at the different te  to1 by the

I the ta wan Jamemad with an addram by W.

=191mites, in w a1I was e4, to his oneon an effe tbe cae at cftU and mil1ew libttty. Ned t peeenoto* to the

Public "2

, wbere the cbelr wan tst.an by t Ned at Abto and 1hz Gee I

Deneoeriff 1hereiny. and Mr. ZInleele, Ct *re The flei. ir. Mrthafl preecnted en addeana to the t N*il on

tcoaote of Mekonr, which refrmid at I Important neaenrr5 i.e the cerrying at which his Zotdip hs4 Uen C rod to his weannt dlcejt ane4 deileaze dut&o as liecretamy at far

t the dimmer the nck4e Earl. in zelylcy to the iced at him health, reviewed

5± C eicealj krptb the fore4gu n&y of her Mameatye Gaveeeeat.

Befcrrlr.g first to the Polib quretien, be irelated that lt4e bad n% 00m.

pllc1 with the cor.ditiong ii wbldm Poland wam secured to her by the Tzvsmj

of V tna nemlbeirea, octi bee the Ct atlta ant the Inttts of England

reqmmircl that we should g', to war lot Poland , semi be therefore thut it

eccodrg for n to rail at Rmtezia when we were not Prepared f5tcAty to

rctht wggiewicn.

With regard to Mexico, his Lctdh1p pointed out the datinc  between

iftervezlicti for the redress of wrong tad tot the poe f forcing upon a

propie a particular form at Govexumrment. fraare had chases the latter fmem

of Interference in Mexico, and onr Government bad ons.wqnentiy felt it t be

 thtir duty to pert company with the Emperor as anon an his real obiec* was

dledcroj. Erri BanteR next spoke of what is poing on in Aansdce, and 4Cton the policy of our Overnmn2t tiece Um Catbs of the dvii war. HIM Lfpe

remarks on this subject are, on nt at i Insportance, glvea mum AMERICAN AFFAIRS.-j  zP.ezow of wmenr

i cnme now to another qutetiran aquastiasi lirtrandnto *11-4 question

to which I beg your attention. becamrae I with

MAW

in wbldm I think the character of this country bas basz maligned. I am

rgrahlrig of abet occurred In what a few years ago were the tettcd &atas at

America. Then we were ercltirmg in the prosperity of that ennatry; we were happy to see a people, derived hum the some ancestors as orseleas, enagizg free thetitutlot, enjoying apparent harmony with one another, and with whom we bad-at l just before the cisil wee broke outhardly a dlifcrer.ce. There was a difference sb elt a small island called St. John, and which we proposed to refer to the arbitration of the heirs Bepnthc. Snob wee the tate of affairs when the wet broke cot. ZIne of the Sc,othern m4mes of America declared that they woni4 form an indeponlent Republic. Oar centre on that subject. has been stacked and blamed, enmoetimpe in the bitterest termr-Wanred rornetimas by the Pedecals, enmetimes by the 0=federates.

The first offence was felt by the Pederels. They any that we had no tight

to grant, as far as we were concerned, to the Confederate States, the rigati of

belligerents. Well, gentlemen, that question of the rights of belligerents is a qneaicn of facts; and I put It to you whether, with fire millions at freemen dielaring themselves, in States and collectively, an Independent nation, we could per. It over an & petty rebellion. Our Admirals asked whether the ohipe they met bearing the Confederate flag should be treated as pirates or not. ft we had treated them as pirates, we eboeld have been taking part in that ccoteat. It was Impossible, looking at It an a comaranite of ve millions of prople, to treat. It as a mere petty bsterractim, as as net he" rights which at all tunes have been given to these who, by numbers and impostanw and the extent of territory they possessed, were entitled to those rights.

 Well, it was said that we ought not to have done it, because It was a Im

munity of elavelmolders. I test one abhorrence at slavery is not in the ISast

sbaUd or diminished. For my own part, I consider that It it one ci the roost hcrrlbk crimes that yet diagram, humanity- but when we ar treating of the rolatico which we beer to the communities turn I dnnb'. whether It

be exp€dlent or nieful for humanity to introduce that new element, deladng

that we will have no relation with a people that permits daresy to exist among thtm. We bate never adopted it with Spain or Br'aidl, and I do not befleme the cuweof humanity would be erred by adopting It.

llut thou, it was said, the Ori±eder*tc. btaiaar were rebels agalnt the T-!-; 1xthre we are not so nice as we ought to be on that rutjet. Wit I recollect we rdelkd again:t Charles I. agalnat 3sznea IL and that the people of New ErgIsrel, oct cctrttrt with tlemee rebdllinne. rebelled against George IlL I do not say now whether all these were juseif able or wrong. I tic not any whether the rebellion of the Southern Stairs I. a jmstlbble lneurreotlon-wlrother it it a great fact or a great crime ; but I state the mere fact that a rebellion 1* tot in Ited! a crime of so deep a de as to case us to i-euoonor one relations with people guilty of rebellion. But., to look at the orations of the New England orators, and I have been reading lately, if not the whole, at least the greater part of long speech by Mr. mummer In New York, and I cannot but wonder that this man, the offspring of three, as we aye of two, rebellion', Atiald be speaking like the Char Of Eusela or Louis XI V- of the dreadful guilt of a rtme of rebellion,

iFEn1UT CtePLhiTtl C} ?BU bLOOEADL

Then comes another complaint, and It comes from the so-called Crntcdorate states. It is raid we have, contrary to the declaratlorni of Peril, contrary to internaticisi law, permitted the birc,lezmdeof the, th'ranmd r:me of .t nitric in ccai'. It it quite true we rhi so; and the prm:mblm c'uis of (,flmlltt t. quite ti tc that elrhorh the tlckuhm I kr'tt op by a suiStcnt numner of I rhips. Not t:cce hip were rent into the timited Statee Nrmv' tin a leurrv, wet are illtttcd for the lrnri'oee amid did not keep up, eo mmnplrciy and cffertvely as was required, an effective lilockadp. Still, looking at th law of nations, it a hlcckade we, am a great bduigcrott Power, In former times hult have acknowledged. We ourselves had a blockade of npwaril of two thotmari I roller; nod it cid seem to me that we were bound in justice to the Federal

 I States of America to acknowledge that blockade; but there was another reason that weighed with me. Oat people were suffering severely for the want of that material which was the nielu tat-aft of their Industry, and It was a question of roll-Interest hethee we Should not break that

But in my opinion the men of England would have been for ever infamous if, for the mike of their own Internet, they bad violated the law of nations and made war in ceojonction with these dave-bcldizrrg Sedan Cf America against the Fe&r*I States. I am not speaking erntterents which are peculiar to use I who bad no Interest in thy question, botsaath I beh.v* to be the a stianenis that noble-besyted peopl, of Lancashire who lived end &oriabed by that I industry, but would not allow a sIngle aped on their "-*heft in order to the maintenance of that industry.

'pry. £tnnt'pi

Thin were seine prrnsos hr the Roam Cf who theigha St is com$eia as a asont gemarsar., at thips .1 ones that bed  eaj, to some

as trg term neutral poets, In sA amos on the bogs ems, beet apersrmsa4 it was ergal that we might not enbanit to hare

ermets tbe mimed and icrupteit. I bed Lo deal with that os, and ant

answer isa that, wrotdlr4 to the law of natiana, if a th4r had as

wrj age to a deatinatlen. aMeS Use read bet real damtnamk*-is e was bored

in efleet to the enemy's port with taestfticna at war --tisat belligeseats had a right to step that yawl on the high mm; sat mid that thai la, had bert lead sismen by lend Stoasil and ether great English nihoratlom but it bat ha's l*id dau by these anthorithe in time of war, and that now we were a',mrtrsfj I did net think we should depart trust the law a had laid dro'n *e belts. gowsents. I maid that although in America *he" were some of the, 14n-al morn, wb&b &a not kanw the aethmaIty of Much anus an Lund Stcer-lt an l thm William Grant. theta was a ct of appeal- the SOprenre. Court of 4-be Ijattal testes, which contained. send had crsntatirei far mosey years, seen am learad, at as high reeatea f lea, and as enseifleel a reputation for integrity as any that bad eni in eat English esoru of pushier, sod that we e'egtrt to wait tetisally Inn the de'dmMen of these tribunal,.

 New, wbet eat my anepeist, and what will be your an a', flet1 thee, Mr. Presents- has his mind so prejudiced as to bring ageluet me

that I bane attempted to dimiamith the reputation of then Ain-'rlcss rwmrt4, sat

show myself hiemoti against ths.Ameefcaen States by tire dedas-ati-sen I ha l than

roads.

I will not detain you tsafllat on this 5,bect but one Teeters i meat mike, core n-mark ten the general tendency of theme apOchesi and of these writings Ia America. 'The (loves-anteed of Ameriem diosnmm there matters very falety with the Eregllsh Goverersamut. Smeestimes we think they are quite 1* the wrong, and rumetimos they- say we are qtit In the wrong, We diaeont them fair]y W;th regrand to tine Steretery it hiatt, I me no ecm$aitrz to maka I think be weighs the dimadveritages and dIcn1tIss at owe eitnmedIe In a fair and equal bn3no; bite net so them others, and that igaseb of Mr. Seminar is tan of these, being an egdtsmm of aimed all that has been amatelaismi Is an press of America on the sbed. Thaw at ethan by wisest oar eondaet is very different=to ed,

I my, with al] tthese seatims, they axe "Book qiwedeses. We may

bane "man to ramplala us seer, Instances, and the Federal Rtpublic of America may have reason to complain its others; but let us meoilect that we are, an I have said, dens afled froet the enonstsmea; that in the mmis .1 lusbee in America the common law of England is constantly cited., the fleciMoas cit 'utcem Jndg'es are constantly satsered to as florminue em-sr respectad

that am sekw two sad Mfltoy are to them the elawle bunks they as, be an;

 that we have the  Iebertinmrerof freedom; that many of oar irtsttautiøan

as you may me by resdiu-g that excellent book at Toninerlils's, as hen thaws

many at cur Instit nsa-ar, toeustkal; t the sun spirit of liberty sat.

mates us both ; that though we, after ear mevreletkans, chose eaeetitutle.,a& as

nonsuch ear harm of goneremant, and that though, after theirs, they Clause a Repablic as their farm of govsrrs, yet this emenmial r, having the ammo 'li4rIt of law, having the awe spirit at lEtSrty, having thin muse

spirit of freedom, we ought, be. these unhappy days we over, to embrace me

cr4 o'ber an fmirr4m; that we in the 014 World, Red they 1* the New, ought to be the lights to promote the irinlitratimo of

Now,

mankiaL

yertlomen, with this feeling. I own I Aimed Lam ray patient's wire. I see men In what is called an oration heaping up srvuntle., mterepomeentai&e. alter neIireyneanrtattosjn, all tending to the bloody end of was- botwese these

two nations. I cannot but any. are they not satisfied with the blood that be.

been shed In the field in the tact two yroems--with that told of Gettysberg, whose lOd'OU corpses of seen, mostly' In the prime of manhood. lay streirhed on the ground, who bed been 'Igneous 1* the early morithig ? -are they -

e.tlefled with this bloodshed, but would they seek to extend to ibm en-tens at Europe new days cat which fresh masi&'as are is be mails of human life, human Interest, and human ba4eem Gentlemen, I trnm that will not be lire ease. I know, at all events, that my efforts, mob as they srO-weak they may be, ineffectual I hope they will not be; but my octr, inch a - they are, will be directed is keep peace botwee. tram two msatlosa-to do evoryiking which I think is just, esreytirt rag which I think in right, towards tide people. I trust we shall be reedy to most an sitank, if we are unjustly M*ac'tad-es-jy to bees- ran' pert in the contest, if congest there mast be, bet jet boiler-Lag that we ought to make every effort that all them vst4oa enmlcalons may ed

In yeses to the nations and in frietadahip. I say, at all essais, I shall have a counrlstrere that I have dent my best to Wow" peace between these atlgh

nations,

Gentlemen, this Is a grind subject. It exacts tbt pronto be our part of the acrid send of America. It affects the fetus-s statS it atvI*th. Zn affectS the well-being of the 14u5 mm wham It was the crime of oar asors to Introduce lasts America. and who-If these ntattOre axe well ended. as 1 bthar,

they win-an'e Sited to b: =able Red IntellIgent sesemrbsec of a tree cusratey.

eden behalf of wham b:= able bw been reedy to make gz efforts and to saccatce ranch. End wee-Ill not sect-ides aas,y of those iwws of otter to mere pretence. We b&y as etreenga fteitamg far the gored of mankind as any people can have; but we moat maintain our own patties; and say belief it that the people of whet were the T'rdted States. whetheg they we now eaSel Faleetia

or Otcafadevetre, will finally dens Justice, t they will observe -es, inised,

they' cannot help oharoinng-.-tbat to this ieee country, Where share Is an math dlac'mu'eion sad so mach dtgere.ce at =*. those am PROMS, vary ceo.

sides-skis In number, who 'y*psthis, beadea, and there are other large insane. I behl&s-e superior in nasebmr, wha ep'mgn*hime with the Federals. But, whether ryanpstbnlrig with the am or the other, we tssne

tmpreos-ni in nor heart, the sentiments of jrasdes. and that we will do I.

nl - t- tIe :i,r r expel for ourselves, Arid I hope I tnt-rpm-ct the feelings

f ycrr trIn' -vt- u I mr that itntky ought. to prevail. It.utl im• a; d n Ii aurrd l-rorgel chnaerhr.
- TEE £ABkM1.

Well, gentlemen, e come to new cc iplainta on the part of the Fedr.l.,

r that we allowcd thlp to leave the poet of Liverpool which afteewsola commit depredations on their ooinmeroe. It would lead too far if I were to enter into all the pa cuiers bet you mud know that In order to prove, you require f evidence, rich evidence U might beetled to a court of Jtzetlc.; wed it wee not until the day the vei.el left that we bad an opinion of lawyers ancleot to step that owl, and I doubt if even then we had brought it boform * court of law wletber there would have been evidence anifiuleut to condemn her, because, by so evasion of the law, the thip was fitted lep without arms or equipment, sad that equipment was coove3red to her in the waterS of * foreign country, wg far from the nrledlcUon of Zoglend.

(lntlenen. these questions must be weighed; hot I think they will be weighed, as they have been by the Qoverumeut of the United fitater of A.useeics, In the balance of equity. We know that the Foreign Enlistment Act and the u bole law reapectiug that subject Is me of d1onliapp*tlon. The patnoipla Is e.r1ng up; If you are asked to sell muskets, you may sell them to on

party or the other-gun., powder, cannon. In the me way. if you are e*wl I to sell blpyoumsysell aabtphttbee.me but if you train and

drill a regiment with anna Ia tafr beads, sad e&w that rlmout to go out with arms in their hinds, and to take pare with ease of twa beP4$erent., ou violate the neutrality and commit an oencs againat the other bduptt'ent. i with regard to abips: tfpe.aUowaship to baseased, and goat onosead make an attack on a *welg* bodtgseent, you are tint., ooudbeg to your own law, taklg part In tile wee Sad tbatla anunea whkb *5 penithed by th. law.

But am question. wlfl lead, as you will e.r, to m 4tamlt poutiess*-*%

for Ixstsnre, a (botd psrs here may go out an laboensew to the Federal

EtMea in one thip there may be a tlaon.aiid ==box go out to "*h" Mdp;

aOd when they arrive, thee. thcererid labourers, b*'ria  me

bc'for, now make a fotmal engat with tl 8  we armed with

these thousand rnukM,, But U Uses bad been dons hi Urn beavitery of

ctwthy It 'would have been an offanor

There are other matters with regard t thigi tbM have haety bee. pv'eparei

& within this country, because these *Ago are not like *pa that reotles the aerial equipment, They are not like vete yen MM be *er time. of war; Lot are in theervetilea, without any further annatuent, formed &T afts of

fence and war. They are stem-rsma, width might he mad for

perpe of war without ever tovdith( the AN" of a Oontodera'io pert. Well, gentlemen, to penult ships of this bjrel knaataØy to depart front thiS try-not to enter * Ccoftderate pert, M& to enter the porte of a hell -woakL, am yen

tee, expose our good faith to great e.seAou; red I feel certain that, if dnrjcg oar war with Prance the Americana bed i or eut-hattle skip. be break our blockade at Bend. whatever reeneve they might have Its eupsei, wa would have ecotideetti It a eiols of ncutralliy. Seth t the enirit In whioli I em prepared to .

Iveryththr that the law at MUMS req that the psweua Poreign Thi)n*nt A r*quire.-I ama p.i*Xed to eTet If it should be

proved to be MOM r the poveatieaa of our neetrelity abet she meeden of Parllame.t sbaoiCbe saw to farther Measures that her

airy atill add. In short, to mesa npall, wesreprepared todow t5is sbatthe

drrUee of the rsifty reqtire-e.'crythlng that (sleet to a trPy natta, tat iug sac principle that we should do to oleare as we thoeld wish to be done an'o ourselves. Bat this we will not do, we will not sik$ e mme*Ves that ec shhrktob.wton We will eotyWdaJotUlldulthiawordriSb rfgbte In ci neeqernce of the meonoen of * foreign Pam.

evarn ow rgm.zxu r*

tgul*r to obeerve bow Janridleed tisemtrtd of mete of go* w a, j rw Zotazsd Iltatea txs upon the astbiec*,
AMERICA. fltALI BRA!O AM) n'.CtU?Z.

RETREAT OF THE LATTER. A in onr thwfl edition last week. th*e have been tw.i MY' between the Confederate inder (n.rl nv of (it'n.ral Re encranz near emnng.i Creek. corner of Georgia-the result being that ltoseunnz atd eumpdleil to retreat to Chattanooga. i.seg is a summarised account of the two day battle the morning of the 19th ult. the Confederates attacked

,j jeocranz near Chiekamanga Creek. A fierce musketry tat enned, the woody nature of the round pug the u-e srtiaq Early in the engagement the Confederaes captured five

fIf l e celebrated Loomas battery. Fierce fighting continued %6- o'clock in the afternoon. when the Federal centre was push&, id retreated in disorder, pursued by the Confederates, who however, afterwards checked and driven back. The Confeis. ien drove General DavLs division back with heavy loss, cap. envy gun of the &h Indiana Regiment.  Davis, however.

amaded in rallying his forces and re-took his guns. General j,os suffered severely, but maintained its position. raka *s division hat two guns. ''an Cleve's division bat ground "d &d aat regain its positron. A general fight continued until long I ik. At its termination both armies are said to have oceupied . ground as at the commencement. The Federals captured tea and 1e4 seven.

At ten sin. On Sunday Thomas's division, which held the

kft of flosenci*nz's line, was assailed with great fury. and was very

sastiy onspelled to call for reinforcements, and at noon he was

to tewe. The whole of M'Cooks corps, except the divisions i.iaiaa and Davis, wastlien withdrawn from the right, where a V.4* it was in the line of battle, and from the centre, 'where it s ,erve, and sent to Thomas's .upporr. Its place in the centre

 was f1ltil as well as it could he by the divisions of Sheridan and

11i. change had been no sooner effected than a furious

wa made on the centre, and Sheridan and Davis were .f tle ground in disorder. borne down by superior force, and

ww x-4 tallied and brought into action again for some hours.

hcisas fssind his right flank thus exposed, and made his dispositions

er.th&v, and received and repulsed attack after attack until nigh:

faiL He retired during the night towards Rosevilic, bringing oft ail hswssunietl.

tis the following afternoon, according to one account, the Cciii

faimte, attacked General Thomas, but were repulsed, and Thomas

puaeded to Chattanooga. where Rosencranz had concentrated his

us and was awaiting reinforcements.

Genera) Beseneranz telegraphed to Washington on the night of the d that he could not be dislodged from his position.

Tha We s*a National Repub&aa says the killed and wounded

bah Mm will probably not fall short of 30,000. The Federal

Iwo is killed, wounded, and prisoners is estimated at 12,000 men,

*i1 (kuta3emte prisoners have been sent to Nashville

4tawvaI Bragg officially reports to his Government that after two

va' gMbg the enev had been driven from several positions, but

di saheated him, lie captured twenty guns and 2500 prisoners.

The aireath of the two sides prior to the engagement is not dearly

bets. Bragg is said to have bad 71,000 men, inc1udin Buckner s sad kbratoa'a corps. If to this be added either Ewell's or .ougstreet's

sreee! y It would give him shout 90,000 men. Roeeacranz's!

tnvt available force is believed to have been about 40,000.

tome aecount, Burnaide, with the ninth corps, 20,00d stag, was in MR on his way from Knoxville to Chattanooga.

Aestidiag to another he had joined Rossencrana on the 2ird, and the

know was expecting help from Grant.

(ITHER WAR NEW.,

news to the 92nd ult. bus been received. Both sides

ft-9 vigorously, but there is no material change in the situation.

In Virginia everything presaged a battle. Mea&1e' arms' was

zid the Confederates were reported in his front prepared to t him. Nothing definite was known as to their strength.

The Federals are said to have sustained reverses in Tern

*5 important Federal movement is taking place on the line of the

Baltimore an1 Ohio Railroad.

TUr 'ouft.lersze Government is declared, on the authority of tl,o

.ckwead Ipekl, to have effected a loan on cottun of 1Ol5J0.OO

taavs in Prance, The New York Herald state an imnor taut rumour

that. Viz.Prmident Stephens had gone to Europe with an offer to;

ste Texas to France in return for French assistance to the Con.

twlente Oo'remment.

The Ruasis flag-ship Alexander Newsky. Admiral Lasofski, with 11

UM Ctlzt Russian men-of-wax, have anchored in New York harbour. It Pa rsavered they will remain there all the winter. The press urge that at. Izespitrible welcome be given to the

It. Russian officers. ass rspnr.rd at New Orleans that the French had occupied

atsmorss uh troops, and that a collision between them and

the Federal gun-boats at the mouth of the Rio Grande was nnbnneut. I
ThZ last mail from the or of she (efe4 war- AIabema. shelrm been cnthing to- with her consort she 4lteiL and her prise the Conrad, %15d the TuscaUGW is the neighbour• of the Cape of Good ff She had the Federal - $a Bride, in the - of thousands of hile running =11==B& y. TThis was alleged by the Federal Consul to bare been made within Iirtsh jurisdiction, whcb be considered to saterd to the distance at as Armstrong from the her, and he sey - His - w however, MIItwed by the Govem'.r, who likewise ivsetedhe demand that the he v to be an saIEDfeed prize, and a5at5aOstly excluded by the QaneeIs psoclam*aBribhpôrt6ibeWd be dellrered up to bias for her owners. be (be*derate vessels wee aJkswed to make sons raue and take in in the Cape and it was

that Envy might szebsh cruise very successfully for Federal v bound to or from Ei  hles and China.

A siplemeat to the Cape Argus of Aug. 20 gives copious details t!tbs excitement caused among the inhabitants of Cape Town by the inon of these two vessels in their bay. The Argus reporter gives she following list of the officers of the Alabama, some of whose pra.itj we have engraved :Captain Semmes, Lieutenants M'Intyre Kei ,Arsarong Wilson, and Sinclair; Surgeon and Paymaster Gait,

str 1. & Bullock; Lieutenant Howell, Marines (brother-in-law of P*fdent Davis) ; Assistant Surgeon Liewellyn, Chief Engineer F$seea; Assistant Engineers Brooks, O'Brien, Pundt; Midshij,men L A. Maffitt (eon of the commander of the Florida) and L. M.

Mset&a Assistants Fuihani and Evans; Boatswain Mkle GinteerCuddy, Carpenter Robinson, end Captain Sernmess

eeary, Mr. Smith; a young officer, Assistant Engineer. Captain Massa he describes as being about forty-eight years of age. He we= a moustache I Is Napoleon, is rather grey, and has sharp, iseelligeet features. He wears a military frock coat of gray colour, with ve little ornament.

Captain Seenmes read from his record-book to the Argus reporter a list of his captures, as follows.-" The Ocmulgee. a whaler, of 41)0 tom, thirty-two men on board, burned; the Starlight, of Boston, a asbooner, burned off the Western Islands; the Ocean Rover, a whehe, berque, burned; the Alert, a whaler, of 00 tons, burned; the wbaliag.eobcoeter Weatbergange, burned; the whaling-brig Altamaba, lnsa; the whaliug.siiip Benjamin Tucker, burned; the whalingseheoner Courser, burned; the whaling basque Yirginia. burned; the Wise Eli* Dunbar, a whaler, burned; the ship Brilliant, with 1*3 tens of grain on board, burned; the Emily Farniun, released as a cartel, and having so many prisoners we put some of them on teased bar said sent them off' the Wave Crest, with a general cargo on board for Europe, burned; the Dunkirk, brig with a general cargo on beard, burned; the ship Tonawanda, with a valuable freight on bcerd remt, after taking a bond for a thousand dollars; the ship

seetar, withacargoof grain, burned; the barque Lamplighter, with

ted cargo, burned; the barque Lafayetts, with an assorted cargo, beI; the schooner Crenshaw, with an assorted cargo n bc far the West Indies. burned; the barque Lauretta, for Europe, with an assorted cargo on board, burned; the brig Baron de

a bond taken and released; the whaling-ship Lori Starbuck,

ha"; the T. B. Wales, from Calcutta to Boston, with a valuable

on board, burned; the bsrque Martha, from Calcutta to the eat

Ila with an assorted cargo, burned; the schooner Union had

5°'ze Wish property on board, and was released on bond the mail

Areel, running between New York and Aepiuwsi, released

ft bond the United &azea eun-boat Hatteras, who came out to fight

had the Nam number of guns and crew-our guns were a little

than hera, but we equalised that by perinittiug b' fight

06 M 300 yards-we stink

beitJI flhinuteshy i
with a general cargo for the East Indies. burned;

the banjue 1'aiAt Jack,

from lk4on rsaghai, burned: 4pGiklen,deeve, froo hew York to the }.e.t Indies, burned; the 1'ue J. turn. rcleed on bond

to take borne prisoners;

the ship Jabez Snow, from New York to the East Indies, burned the harquc Amazonian, from Boston to Buenos Ayrez, burned; the ship TaIlsnun. from New York Lo the Ea't Indies, burned; the burque Conrad, fitted up as a Confederate cruiser, a tender to the Alabama. We call her the Tuscaloosa. After these came the Anna F. Schmidt, the Express, and the Sea Bride saw us take today. estimated value of these captures is 4,OO,(XX)

The Confederate

cruiser Tuscaloosa, Lieutenant Low, commander. forrnerlr the Conrad, of Philacki'lpbia. captured by the Alabama. and converted by Captain Semmes into a tender to his ship, pet into Srnoifs Bay two days before the Alabama arrivol there, for the purpore ef refitting. She carries two guns and ten men before the mast.

About fourteen days before she fell in with the in can s x p

bound from Rangoon to Falmouth, and captured her; but, as the

vessel was laden with cargo belonging to British owners, she .was

allowed to proceed on giving a bond for lsi dollars. A few days afterwards the Tuca1ooa fell in with the American China clippership Snow Squall, OO torts, homeward bound. It was blowing hard at the time; and the Tuscaloosa having fired at the Snow Squall without bringing her to, made chase; but the latter, being the fastest sailer, escaped.

On Sunday afternoon, Aug. 16, the Confederate steamer Georgia, Captain Maury, entered Simon's Bay for coals and repairs. She appears (says the Arya to be an ordinary iron-built packet-boat, certainly not intended for a fighting craft; but, having a good crew, and being armed with two Whitworth rifled guns at, one large &6-gun forward, and two 32s an her quarter-deck, and, being a fast sailer, is well suited to capture merchant ships, and run from war-vessels of superior armament but inferior speed. We are indebted to one of her officers for a history of the 'vessel and her exploits. The Georgia was built by Messrs. Denny arid Co., of Greenock. Her officers joined her o Ushant Island on the 9th of April, on which day she finished getting her armament on board, hauled down the English, and ran ep the Confederate flag. She then put to sea. On the 25th of Arsfl she captured the ship Dictator of New York, bound to Shanghai i :th coal. After burning the )?)iciator she proceeded to the Cape do Verd Islands to land her prisoners. As she got into the entrance of the harbour of St. Vincent she discovered a man-ofwar with the American colours flying, put about, and went to the north side of the island, where he lay until dark, and then stood out for sea. On the 13th of May she arrived in Buhia. where the Alabama was lying at the time. From Bahia the proceeded down the South American coast. Off Cape Frio, in sight of land, she captured the George Griswold, which vessel had a British cargo on board, and was therefore bonded. The Georgia then proceeded to the island of Trinidad, on her way capturing the harque Good Hope, of Boston, bound to Aguilsas, with a general cargo. Her captain had died some days before, and his body, being preserved in salt, Captain Mactry had brought on board the Georga, read the funeral service over is, and committed it to the deep. During the service the barque A. W Sever hove in sight, arid was chased by the Georgia. She was from Boston, bound to the Amoor river with machinery for the Russian Govsrnmcrnt. The prisoners of the Good Hope were put on board and she was bonded. On Jima 18 the Georgia arrived at the Island of Tr4nMad. On Ynrre ihe euptuord the ship Constitution, of New York, laden with coal fur i-haughai, made a of bar, and took he mal bei.daze-l. OuJalwttheGsor

captured the ship City of Beth, of Bath. from Crtihto to Antw

the cargo being zceuU*l, She beesk'd, Paid the prisnrtr of Cstitutionwareriutse bosidher. Q July 16 the t.cor.ri.c..i.trued the ship PLn t-f W1es,
- 45=1% OM we

r:e

e aach;

Y-d*-wt sunk

the burque i3t Role, with an ,r4 argo, burned; • km1 t'hasteiaire, the sthooner burned; the •i* Olive Jane,

'ned; the GoMe

e5 laden with hurnet; the • It$eu, from the Cwithguano, . on bowl; the a, with a valuable

'cad; tl*e John A. I •••c with flour and tat, ftoy Boston to

3oeaub, fronj East

frnaI t ban

'th

CUV on Mussed tl*shlpXoruing

tveaj on bond; ahe burned;

tp hors, from

9Sd to the West

Utarkj Bfl ale,

t; lA'erpoc4, with

k. buted; tSe Ship

- 1aas4t romcart* the WOK Indies,

the ben1ue La

'1t, wbjs, burned;

• aaanK4Sig Kate

y. honed; the what.

PDorceaPuo

* reuersl Cargo, the ship Leish,

LLC I13} £ L4Ct i.

of Bath, ixeta Vaip.a.o, to Antuerp with

iaanO. The cargo being

twutral, the shp was

x"61.

The earitem&t.t in the

Is thus desmit"I by

the Argus reporter

We went off in our

boat in the midst of a tu't fleet of dingles,

cargo-boats, gigs, and wherSa, all as fall at

they coal hold. Nearly

all the city was at sea. The nwing otubs, in nolform, prdled oft with favoured members of their respective the on bo4tflt The crews irathered their oars in double-quick thee We

passed the Federal lrerma er nor

ir - and tint ;• •fthc - • ii her

fr ir-.

L' a tesr

:'J.r'e;; ar'jwe

Lou on board

;.LI.A'el helove the -er:uzhel by •Jlj nflJ 11054 hr

table Lay, and am boat Mtix boat arnved, three l,etycbvr were iten t Ospta&ts &Ianka a4

the AJabs&"
A San Francisco Mw states that President Lincoln. was once

onan Catholio. Aeco5tng to this ,.ntor1ty, be wsi recved, w!th

f2xofly, into the OathoUc March in the year 185, at La Befle, Illinois. The Re Pater s1io, now pa st of a eoagregaUon at Los Angeles, CLfrnin, sItheter4 to h±in the secrement of btl.

A . h PfeerAd for the reeeut holding sn
AMERICA.

We have news from New York to the fth ns. by the Cy

Wsdiington.

From the point on which at present interest mostly OOfl

i Chattanooga, the intelligence is scanty. There is great dlscrs1a

in the telegraphic statements with regard to Bcseer00 ' presits; but the latest news is to the effect that wishing was taking place in the Generals rear, the On

endeavouring to interrupt the communications between Na'

Chattanooga- that a large number of troops had resmhed Twho had estaLlished lines in front of Chattanooga; and tt ' Bragg was fortifying Missionary Ridge. It SISO *i1 __ Hooker had reinforced Rosecranz with two whole Mend&s army. The Southern journals report that. the rates occupy Knoxville, and that Burn&de ws rtTh 0) berland Gap. In his report to the Confederate Seci General Bragg stated that, in the battle of 1Re 050teT5d 7000 prisoners, thirty-six guns, and iwent''5 staid 2M 11-'~ be

of

colours. The Baltimore correspondent of the Hern1 tU

the tsd nit., states that Confederate prisoners deseribe Ado"

Georgia, as the largest depot arid niauUfactoi7 of arms Sad

nition in the Corifeasracy, end that every prepsratlo5 hSS bees r*5

to successfully defend it, Nothing was very certainly known respecting the fotJ Of the hostile armies in Viroinia- but it was Federals had not crceed the fiapia'an, though the fords of that stream the Were and to be vigilantly federates, who were also reported to luwe assembled sosse 00 at Mount Jackson for a 1, raid into the Shenandoah 'c'afley. No progress was apparent in the Federal OPst3tiO Charleston. VA very warm reception had been given hr the people and

pality o? New York to the officers of the }iussinu sqMIW

uadmoa; $5i

speeches at various entertainments, hopes were expTC55'1

United States engaged in a foreign war, America

would fi ht side by side. At a dinner given to the R=8121 AttA.Al

at the etrouolitan Hotel, the Admiral made a speech referring to Russia, he ezra-eased a hoiw that prescli Ctw a"

''

wouki end Peacefully. T&i Russians, however. 4,1100 Wer

I W=

sacrifice, and, as Moscow was burned, so th'v would burning St. Petersburg if necessary. If neace, th"*,n naWrA

e ftuseimm would receive it on hononra

od for peace. A sneaker named \S'allri'lgc, nbaeri'id that W"A"'

in sending a fleet t)-Yew fork. wished to have it 'hem at ag

I signal, it could sweep English and French commerce from the

I Some other silly speeches were made.

The New York Iarbour Committee report the harbour

I to be

perfect state of defence. Vessels passing Sandy Hook

I exposed to the fire of BtiO guns of the h*001q ba

euviest calibre. 01 ';0

According to the j'L Perning Pus,, the recent CO P'
net pmdnced more than 50,(00 to 73,01)0 effective recruits; acd I icoln had already resolved to order, before the end of

fresh conscription of 600,000 men, under some new regu

wjch would render it certain that at least 200,000

nuid be produced by it. The Neffeenve

sa, York Trdnzne, however, • that there will be any further draught.

famous blockade-breaker Juno has at last fallen into the of the Federal blockade. She was captured on the '22nd of of Wilmington, North Carolina, after a chase of four dnrisg which the United States' cruiser Connecticut fired thirty f bell and solid shot. The Juno threw overboard part of go of cotton. She is an iron vessel of upwards of 1130 tons ies. heel, built at Bristol, and is about ten years old. The jed of 200 bales of cotton, three tons of tobacco, and a of turpentine; and is valued, together with the vessel, at 7h0. The Juno, at the time of her capture, was bound to Theconfederatesteamer Ella and Annie arrived at Hamilton, on the 7th ult., with a large cargo of cotton, tobacco, and

gypeatiue. The following is a list of Confederate vessels keeping up between Wilmington and other Confederate ports ma-Robert E. Lee, A. D. Vance, Eugenie, Phantom,

Wor, Hanu, Harriet Picknay, Nashville, Beauregard, Lady j isssbee, Venus, Ella and Annie, Phoebe, Miriam, and Miuho. j, ctes District Court had restored the ship Banshee. The I

sr, Phantom and Arabia have been destroyed off Wilmington. it meixted that the steamers Advance and flizabeth have been Ad'vicos from Nassau to the 26th report that seven 4f5e5 from Wilmington and three from Charleston had arrived

ore of the latter left Charleston eleven days alter the surof Forts Wagner and Gregg, proving that the port is not c1oed

TIN IA
- -----.--(-A e  knt gives the following

4to of Lb w fo kcLllty. -I am

I$thM r r+.%t

a4 I b to "m-t the peIitg of the rd hcd b*, • Chtca .oi, nt

c*øu wmL Tho rM yfle rne

thu I& fl t  Tto

f }til1& n thc 'rfctoitr W fo t of thu pp chef

r'i he U*O th  na

! thu t The

WM iu4 nbjeut to fP nnhthIme of thL UtUe 1le. thg whcb k

V. ThA4 J2'dj gays that, in addition to the political

itoUt thCO ii, a fabm. •f atbe  or*.ud." 'Grotky 1a

Word L oopu sorehead. They ought to be

u I"mt 00 Ue f th hv ib, adnat each other.'

a A. u-i. -
AMIFJUCA.

W. tare sews from New York, by way of Cape }Lace to the

.f Oct. l. By the information ri is not very &eahnglarEeiY In rumours, we learn that the relavepoeltions

Je l*Th cents are ract3callJ unchanged. rss. in the asege of L.narleaton is far from enc rairtg to

a5tL General Gilinore had beenobliged toremve his head

,astt5i* freer Morris Island to folly Island, in coiq of the thetides aud  -her canacs."andhadtobegin dior. the

Vnnetlaa of Port Sumter, which the Confederates had restored to a

j The Confetlerates had made an attack on the

PAJ &et, in which the Irniides was much damaged and the 4.rt yeweis greatly alarmed for their safety. A combined land and

j *tae* upon the place was to take place on the I l iii.

The Ceakslerate army in Virginia was making movements which i,ed to indicate a recom!nencement of offensive operations. Near kheizsen River the federals attacked Stuarts eav1rv. and were

halwaxat is in safety" at Chattanooga. and Bragg is still con

acr*tivg ha forces in preparation for the final attack. Barnside nsins at Knoxville. General Johnston has taken possession of the leading from Mississippi into Tennessee, with the view of

a "setting Ike reinforcements which General Reeemanz expects

Lx quarter; whilst Bragg has equally cut off all hope of

frtt the north-east. A telegram to the Rkkatosd Inqairei

jaJ Bragg's army announces that the Confederates. on Ridge, shelled the position of General Rosecrans for

Mm on the (th inst. Federal accounts vid Nashville, on the tub, state that skirmishing was of constant occurrence, and

ket another general engagement was considered imminent. Reports

been recerved at Nashville that Shelbyvifle. with all the Federal

there, bad been captured by the Confederates. This rumour.

lewertr, has not been corroborated. On the contrary, we are told

hat the Confederate cavalry had been overtaken below SheThyvifle

tzimod, with shossof 1010 killed. General Braggissaid tohave love hearfly reinforced from Richmond and elsewhere, and that his sew number at least 175,000 men. It is also represented that tostse, under the command of General Joe Johnston, are held as

sj. erai Rosecrans has also received reinforcements.

l hmineky the Confederate General Wheeler had been defeated.

There are rumours of Confederate movements in Kansas.

ia as t}* Mississippi reports have reached Washington of a serion

bet basing been sustained by the Federal army, with the lens of i hundred prisoners. Which was the particular army that l this avtshing defeat, or which the army that achieved the ar' not mentioned.

'ed flanks had ordered the conscription in Louisiana. and

on heplantatic>ua were to he detailed for service.

re a4rthant steamers had been burnt on the Mindsaippi, it was (lonfe&rat.e emissaries.

At hew )eieans a utallgnsnt fever had broken out in the Federal

us Lincoln has issued a prnclamatiAn desiring all American.

3 at hone or abroad. to observe the last Thnrsiay in November

t ' r i thnkstgivlup Mr. Lincoln's reasons arc said to be:

alshsughinthemidst of astupendons elvil war, she indw

ve of the country are more than ever f1.uri.biitg; thur

tatber. notwithstanding the waste in the camp and on th

-ld, is steadily increasing; and that its. peaceful relation, Powers have been preserved, even though the severity of

t' conflict seemed to invite and provoke the aggression of

; JAPAN.
Letters for British Columbia, Vancouver Island, and thi

Sandwich islands , forwarded by British or United States' packet to the Unite

States, will in fature be chargeable with the foi1ojvt,ng reduced rates o

postage, viz. :-Not exceeding or., Is.; above -1 oz., and not exceeding I oz. 2a above 1 or. and not exceeding 2 or., 4s.; every additional ounce, 2e. Thi postage must be paid in advance, or the letters cannot be forwarded.

C1.1 ,S 'K ,  as, .LI_. _!_.,na ----------------------------------------

ponrean erya wuuo, The Sandwich slands, éoording to the .Pananur Star, ax

decreasing th population and business. The number of foreign vessels whib I had arrived at Honolulu during the dust half of the present year was less Ii r half then during the corresponding period of lest year. There is a gras e scarcity of labourers for the sugar plantations, and parties are earnestly nrgin t the Government authorities to import coolies from Polynesia. The populatic

I of the islands is decreasing more rapidly than at any former period. It is no,

estimated that they contain only 60,000 inhabitants.
THE INDIAN METHOD O MAitflG Fxn is desorthed in

the Franklin Znslltute Journal by Mr. George Davidson, who bee In life Pos

session a pair of sticks used by the Xndians on the north-teit oboe of the

United States, which he has himself guecesefofly employed. Esélt stick is

16 in. long, the thicker being Sin. In circumference, nd en cut leat a SWUM

- would give a rough ellipse with the largest diameter l of an Inch. The - smaller stick is if in. In circumference. Both are crosd and whibtled, so that a section shall give an irregular polygon. The smaller stb* % of the 3 same wood, but more compact in grain, and apparently of a slower growth. Both have been thoroughly roasted, and were carried carefully wrapped In skin, to prevent the absorption of ceoleinpe aCO0U1)aiIyfrg them was axried a bunch of the Inner back of the cedar, picked very fine, and dried. "To use them " says Mr. Davidson "the largerhas a shallow, circular hollow, fege than one-eighth of an inch in ,!Iepth, made on be bioad side, near one end, and a narrow groove or channel cut from this to the side; the smaller stick has one end made very slightly rounding. The Indian eçjszata, holds the larger stick upon the ground with his bare foot, and places under the geOoYe a small bunch of the bOrk-fibra. The smaller stlk is then held uprigut, the rounded end placed ha the hollow of the larger Stick, and, with both hands at top and the stick between then', he commences to rapidly revolve it by rubbing t

upon each other backward and forward, t the same time eaerth;g pressnro downward, by which his hands gradually slip clown; his dcxt roualy-AM this is the point of success-runs bl hands to the top said repent' the ppeylocs operation. A. fine brown powder is soon produced by tics attrition, and

carried along the side groove among the bark-fibre. This pow Ii nsfly

ignited, and the burning transmitted along the groove to the bus-.Oh of

fibre, which Is quickly soired by the operator and blown into a dams. With the sticks in my possession I have seen them produce a flame he about * minute, and have frequently done so myself In three minutes." The Indians now use Incifer-matcheS, and the sticks are only used by Indiana ucqatel with white glen.
-AMERICA. WAR iIKWS.-VUWINIA.

The lcnge±pecte&advancè of the Confederates under Lee once more

towards Washington has commenced, the Federals retreating before tl.em without any general engagement.

On the! 8th inst. General. Lee's whole army crossed the Rapidan, moving towards Madison Courthouse, to tint General Meade's right. Baring massed troops at this point on. Friday tight and Saturday morning, the Confederates advanced an a northward direction. A :Federal force, tinder General Kilpatriek, unmediately proeenJ.ed!

-- £aoJLfl_. a CHARLESTON. It was affirmccl that on the 11th inst. all was ready for a general attack on the defences of Charleston; but at the date of the latest a telegrams none was known to have been made, and it was even said that Charleston Harbour was "effectually closed against the entrance of the ironclads." On the 6th inst. a torpedo, attached to a raft, was floated down from Charleston, and exploded under the Ironsides. A great quantity of water was thrown into the vessel, and Ensign Howard was killed and two seamen wounded. According to one account the Ironsides was so badly injured that she would probably have to be sent to the North for repairs. Two "devils," for removing the harbour obstructions, had arrived. from the North. OTHER WAR 11-EW.S. In Kansas, Missouri, and along the Mississippi, fighting is reported

a with varying results.

e The repulse of the Federals above Port Hudson is confirmed. They e lust 480 prisoners. General Dana has since advanced against the Confederates, who retreated. Shelby's guerrillas have been defeated in Missouri, losing all their artillery, baggage, and numerous prisoners. LI The steamer Sir Robert Peel (a blockade runner) was captured on

 e the 11th of September; near the mouth of the Rio Grande, by the

r Federal cruiser Seminole. The Captain has protested against the seizure, on the plea that she was in Mexican waters at the time of her capture. , The steam-transport Union captured the English bloekade-rmrning t steamer Spaulding, on the 11th, with a valuable cargo from Nassau. The captured vessel had a crew of twenty-five men and four Con

e federate Colonels on hoard, all prisoners.

A large steamer, deeply laden with cotton, had run the Wilmington blockade on the night of the 29th tilt. A Confederate privateer was ? receiving her armament.there, and would soon run out.

MIscELLANEoUs.

t President Lincoln has, it is stated, called for 800,000 volunteers. r There has been a draught riot in Now Hampshire.

Admiral Milue left New York in the fiag.ship Nile, on the 11th inst., e for Halifax.

d Earl Russell's Blairgowrie speech has been favourably received in the Nurtk. The press attributes his confirmation of England's f neutrality to the great display of Federal resources.

The elections in Pennsylvania and Ohio had resulted in a victory of r the Republican party-Mr. Curtin, the Republican candidate, having been elected Governor of Pennsylvania, while Mr. Vallaudigbam was defeated in Ohio by a majority of more than 100,000 votes.

The Federal General Santou has placed a lieu upon the North Carolina cotton crop, until all the claims of the plantation labourers a are paid.

I Secretary Chase, who was making a tour in the Western States, had

not confined himself, in his public speeches, to a vindication of his financial measures. In one of his addresses he declared that "the English aristocracy and French despotism would like to seethe Union 3, destroyed," and that a foreign intervention was prevented only by the great display of Federal strength. "He foresaw," he said, "a grand future of power for America; and the time would arrive when England e would regret her friendship with America's enemies. He felt certain that England, alter calm reflection, would conclude that it was best to pay the American merchants for the damage done by the Alabama." As for a Mexican empire, be did not believe that it could endure.

The New York Times speaks with satisfaction of the fact that the Federal Government has entered the third year of the war with "only" twelve hundred million dollars of debt.

The naval contractors in New York, Philadelphia, Boston, and Portsmouth have received orders to prepare for the construction of twelve fast steam-corvettes of over 200 tons burden, each carrying , fifteen or twenty. guns, and built with a view to great speed.

Another Russan vessel has arrived at New York, and more were expected. The English and French Admirals had visited the public institutions in New York, the Russian officers absenting themselves on - the occasion.

, A volunteer rifle brigade has just been organised in New Jersey,

United States. The men are armed with the Springfield rifle, and are inetrueted in the Hytbe system of musketry. It is said that a detachment proposes to enter the lists at the next Wimbledon meeting against one of the London regiments.

President Davis is making a tour of inspection in the South. The British Consul at Savannah has been calling the Governor of Georgia to account for the enlistment of British subjects. This has given rise to another demand for the expulsion of all the present British Consuls in the South, on the ground that they are accredited to President Lincoln. The Richmond Despate/a is irate at the detention of the steam-rains at Liverpool, and declares that,,"if England would stop the Irish emigration, the war would end in three months."
towards Robertson River to reconnoitre, but was encountered by the Confederates under General Stuart and driven back with heavy loss towards Culpeppen The Confederates then continued their march from Madison Courthouse, and gained a position considerably in the rear of the Federal right, the result of their strategy being that the Federals evacuated Culpepper, burning everything which being that not

I he readily removed, and that General Meade withdrew his whole line to the north bank of the Rappahannock.

It is believed that, before making his advance, Lee was rejoined by General Lougstreet's corps, which had been detached to reinforce Bragg and to take part in the late battles of Chicainanga.

Several severe but partial engagements-chiefly of cavalry-occurred

• between the advancing Southerners and the retiring Northerners. In one of these, which took place at Bristow station on the 14th the

• Federals seemed to have gained a temporary advantage, taking five guns two colours, and 450 prisoners, and repulsing the Confederates. On ti's evening of the 14th Lee, having crossed the Rappahannock, attempted to flank keade by way of Chantilly, and get in his rear through Fairfax Courthouse. To avoid this the Federal General

• had to fall back still further-to Fairfax. On the night of the 15th the Federals were in line of battle at Centreville, and the Confederates occupied the old battle-field of Bull Run. All the passes and gaps were held by Confederate troops. A corps of the Southern army, under Hill, had been moved from Meade's front in the direction of

• Leesburg, and a Federal reconnaissance was sent to that quarter, but no general action had occurred. The following is the latest despatch from New York on the evening of the 17th --'-'It is oflicially announced that General Lee has not crossed the Potomac. There is no further news from Virginia."

 TENNESSEE.

The news from Chattanooga issoarcely less important.

From the opposing armies of Rosecrans and Bragg come reports of harassing movements by the Confederate cavalry. General Bragg had withdrawn his artillery from Lookout Mountain, which, however, he still held, and concentrated it upon Missionary Ridge, some two miles distant, but equally near to Chattanooga. His cavalry is still operating on Nashville, Chattanooga, and the Chattanooga. His and Charleston Railroad, to prevent reinforcements or supplies reaching Rosecranz. It is reported that no western reinforcements have yet reached Chattanooga. The Confederates are intrenching themselves, in force on Bmnside's left, and Bragg has thrown a force across the Kiawashee River upon Burnside's right, compelling him to fall hack to beyond Athens, which the Confederates occupy, thus isolating Burnside from Rosecrana. It is, however, also stated that General Burnside has been successful in a sharp action with a considerable bo I of Confederates at Blue Spring.

TRe Times' correspondent says :-"It is believed to be the plan of the Confederates to keep a powerful army in front of Chattanooga, and, without making any general assault upon General Rosecranu, continue to harass him with their artillery in front, while strong detachments of cavalry are thrown in his rear to break up his communications, which will ultimately compel him to capitulate or retreat upon Knoxville and Nashville."

During the last weak a train of upwards of 300 waggons, containing ammunition and supplies for the Federals, was destroyed near Anderson, in Alabama. The teamsters were made prisoners, and the mules either driven off or shot.

Railroads and telegraph-lines are continually interrupted at different points between Chattanooga and Nashville.

CHARLESTON.

It was affirmed that on the 11th inst. all was ready for a general attack on the defences of Charleston; but at the date of the latest telegrams none was known to have been made, and it was even said that Charleston Harbour was "effectually closed against the entrance of the ironclads."

On the 6th inst. a torpedo, attached to a raft, was floated down from Charleston, and exploded under the Ironsides. A great quantity of water was thrown into the vessel, and Ensign 'Howard was killed and two seamen wounded. According to one account the Ironsides was so badly injured that she would probably have to be sent to the North for repairs.

Two "devils," for removing the harbour obstructions, had arrived from the North.

OTHER WAR XPW-~.

In Kansas, Missouri, and along the Mississippi, fighting is reported with varying results.

The repulse of the Federals above Port Hudson is confirmed. They lost 480 prisoners. General Dana has since advanced against the Confederates, who retreated.

Shelby's guerrillas have been defeated in Missouri, losing all their artillery, baggage, and numerous prisoners.

The steamer Sir Robert Peel (a blockade runner) was captured on the 11th of September; near the mouth of the Rio Grande, by the Federal cruiser Seminole. The Captain has protested against the seizure, on the plea that she was in Mexican waters at the time of her capture.

The steam-transport Union captured the English blockade-running steamer Spaulding, on the 11th, with a valuable cargo from Nassau. The captured vessel had a crew of twenty-five men and four Confederate Colonels on board, all prisoners.

A large steamer, deeply laden with cotton, had run the Wilmington

I blockade on the night of the 29th nit. A Confederate privateer was

receiving her annamentthere, and would soon run out.

neasa, waasaipuua. wsawsv

The fine ship Donati went down 'off Cape Horn while on the voyage from New York to San Praneisca The cargo of the Donal nasa i valuable ens. The vessel was a North American built ship, of about 1000 tons

burden, and was classed Al.

- will .
