C U1RENT LITERATURE.

Threc Years among ihe Working Me= in the United States during

Me War. By the Author of "The Autobiography of a Beggar-boy."

(Smith, Elder, and Co.) The title of this book raises expectations

doomed to disappointment. One looks for a round, unvarnished tale of the author's own experience; of his reasons for leaving his native country; of the hopes he had formed, and how they were faldiled or unfulfilled; of the feelings of his class on the breaking out of the great Civil War; of the manner in which industry and wages were affected by the war; of the alacrity or unwillingness with which native Americans in his position joined the army; of everything, in fact, social, moral, and political, about which a three-years' sojourn in the United States would enable him to speak with authority and as an eye-witness. But, with some uretentiousnesa of style, he wields the pen of a censor and critic of the United States in general; he by no means confnes himself to matters in which he himself took part and on which he might consequently claim a right to be heard; he "learns from a reliable source," and he "knows by repute," and he quotes long paragraphs from newspapers and published reports, arid altogether makes up a book after the fashion of travellers who choose to employ their time in such business, and who, by education, habit, and discipline, are likely to perform such labour better than one who calls himself "a working man," and who appears to be engaged in the hat trade. There is a proverb about the cobbler and his last, and the same proverb, with the requisite changes, may be applied to the hatter. If the hatter had written a book touching what came under his personal observation in the exercise of his trade arid its concomitants be would probably have turned out something original, interesting, and useful; but the world did not require a warmed-up hash of stale stories about the degeneracy of the American race, the flatness across the chest of American women, the deficient supply of natural nourishment for little Americans yet to be born, the impetus given to immorality by the institution of boardinghouses the looseness of the matrimonial tie, the absurdities and wickedness of certain advertisements in American newspapers, and all that kind of thing. It has frequently been commented upon before in better fashion. Let all encouragement be given to the "working man" who takes advantage of the fact that the schoolmaster is abroad, but do not encourage the "working man" in bookmakin. If he have anything to say which a prophetic soul inspires or an imaginative spirit suggests-or if he be bursting with enthusiasm-or if his brain, overladen with ideas, be too much for himor if his peculiar line of life have taught him anything which he thinks it may be of adyantage to the world to know-by all means let him publish it; but, in any other case, he would do well to abstain. Howbeit, the author has some remarks upon the subject of emigration which may be found useful. Let hatters attend to the following advice (p. 189) :-"If a journeyman hatter, in any part of the United Kingdom, can earn from twenty-five to thirty sinfluns a week, I would certainly advise him to remain where he is; nor do I know any class of tradesmen, under the altered circumstances of the country, who are likely to better their condition." Economical persona, however, may perhaps find themselves tempted by tue statement (p. 19)) that "men can be drunk in America without the use of intoxicati.n liquors?' But the process by 'which the desirable result is attainedisnot mentioned. It maybe that personal disappointment has blinded us to the merits of this book; but it seems to us that, except in the ninth, fourteenth, and, fifteenth chapters, the author has

oriued a work of sererogation
W1111e Peippears at Newcastle-on-Tyne on Monday next, the 27th inst., in company with Mr. sims Reeves, M Sainton, land Mdme._Sainton-Dolby.

American paper states that Colonel Bulkelëy's telegraph

expedition has reached Bebring's Strait, where the telegraph will cross from Amerina to Asia, and that the Colonel had sounded across Behring'3 htrait to St. Lawrence Bay. The soundings were favourable all the way across, the bottom being mud. Grond ice was lirst discovered of! St. Lawrence Bay, which was not favourable for the laying of the cable, it being rhr,ilow and exposed to the south-east gales. Michigan Bay was found to be full of ice. Package Bay presented a good bottom and seemed suitable for laying the cable, the Asiatic side being more mountainous than that of the Lme,ican. The country was entirely destitute of timber. The ground was thawed about 30 in. The Indians on both sides were friendly end promised to be useful. The Russians had _done everything possible to further the enterprise,
UNITED STATES.

Captain Henry Wirz has been hanged, in accorda 'j sentence of the military commission, approved by the Preajth the

den

met his fate with fortitude, and earnestly protested his flO%

the last. It is said that his wife, during an interview With him ja gaol, attempted to supply him with the means of self -dest t passing into his mouth from her own while kissing him a bolas ad( strychnine, but General Baker sprang upon him and chokj until he forced the pill from his month.

A deputation of Baltimore ladies have had an interview wlt

President, and asked the executive clemency for Mr. Dav This President replied that he regretted the national char oi tz. question restrained all private sympathy they might have aw in him, and he stated that arrangements were concluded early lea.l trial of Mr. Davis.

The president has announced that the passage of the consti amendment is necessary for the full restoration of the South to the Union.

The recent elections have resulted in a decided Republican 'mictxs.y.

It is semi-officially stated that the United States army now sum 180 000 men of all arms.

The Penian Senate in New York have adjourned, after a session j

two t
RNe- York city has a population of 722,560. In .1860, before

the wax, the Population was 813,669. The Population has therefore diminished

nearly 100,00. In 1860 the female exceeded the male population 10,711: the excess

is now 44,1S7.

Oil City, in Oildom, as the oil regions in the United States

are called, in 1860 had 800 inhabitants; It has now 10,000. Twenty steamers

and 800 date and barges ply to and from the city. Its produce this year will be 60,000 barrels o! oil. The capital invested Is 10,000,000 dole. A. famous Seneca chief claims the owierahf of the ground on which two suburbs of

Qjl City bve been built.
THE SENSATION OF BEING MURDERED. -

ML SEWABJ end his son, says the New York correspondent of the ,pechfor,

have each told, at the request of friends, the story of their own sensations at the time of the attempted asaosinatios.

Mr. Frederick Seward said that, on-stepping from his hod-room into the passage, and seeing the aoaassln,lie merely wondered whathe was doing there, and called him to account. On his resisting the fellow's endeavour to press into Mr. iiOwerd'B room, he (the assassin) drew a revolver, which he presented at Mr. Frederick Seward's bead. What followed, it must be remembered, took place in a few seconds. Mr. Frederick Seward's first thought was, "that's a navy revolver." The man pulled the trigger, but It only snapped, and his intended victim thought, "that cap missed fire." His next sensation was that of confusion, and, being upon the floor, resting upon his right arm, which, like his father's jaw, was barely recovered from a bad fracture-the assassin had felled him to the floor with the butt of the pistol-he put his hand to his head, and, finding a hole there, he thought, "that cap did not miss fire, after all." Then be became insensible, and remained so for two days and more. His first indication of returning consciousness was the question, "Bays you got the bell out?" after which he fell off again into a comatose condition, which was of long continuance. On the very afternoon of the day when Mr. Lincoln was assassinated Mr. Frederick Seward, who was Assistant Secretary of State, had asked his father what preparation should be made for the presentation of Sir Frederick Bruce, which was to take place the next day. Mr. Seward gave him the points of a reply to be made to Sir Frederick, and he laid the outline of the speech upon the President's table, and Mr. Lincoln that afternoon wrote out the reply, adopting Mr. Seward'e suggestions, and thus preparing that reception of the British Minister byPresidsnt Johnson which was regarded at the time by the people to whose representative it was addressed as so friendly, and fair, and dignified. Mr. Frederick Seward's first inquiry after he came fully to his senses, which was a lon time after the assassination, was," Has Sir Frederick Bruce been presented?' He thought that only one night had passed, since he knew not what had happened to him, and his mind took up matters just where it had left them.

 Mr. Seward's mental experience during his supposed assassination was in its nature so like that of his son that it raises the question whether this absence of consternation and observation of minute particulars is not common in circumstances of unexpected and not fully apprehended peril. Mr. Seward we lying upon his side, close to the edge of his bed, with his head resting in a frame, which bad been made to give him ease and to protect his broken jaw from pressure. He was trying to keep awake, having been seized upon by a sick man's fancy: It was that if he slept he would wake up with lockjaw. He was brought to full cuneclouanCss by the scuffle in the passage-way, followed by the entrance of the assassin and the cry of Miss Seward, "Oh! he will kill say father 1" But he saw nothing of his assailant until a band appeared above his face, and than his thougbtwes, "What handsome cloth that overcoat is made of!" The assassin's face then appeared, and the helpless statesman only thought, "What a handsome men I" (Payne was a finelooking fellow.) Than came a sensation as of rain striking him smartly upon one side of his face and neck, then quickly the same upon the other side, but he felt no severe pain. This was the assassin's knife. The blood spouted. He thiught, "My time has come," and, falling from the bed to the floor, fainted. His first sensation of returning consciousness was that he was drinking tea, and that "it tasted good." Mrs. Seward was giving him tea with a spoon. He heard low voices around him, asking and replying as to whether it would be possible for him to recover. He could not speak, but his eyes showed his consciousness, and that he desired to speak. They brought him a porcelain tablet, on which he managed to write, "Give me some more tea; I shall get well." And from that moment he has slowly but steadily recovered health and strength.
UNITED STATES.

Perhaps the news of most interest from.New York is that relating

to the attitude of the Government towards Mexico, in connection with 'which General Grant is receiving much popular attention. He has 'visited the Union League Club in New York, when, in reply to a speech of Mr. Beckman expressing sympathy for Mexico and a firm belief in her coming deliverance the General said that the speaker's remarks concerning the future o Mexico expressed his own sentiments, The President, on the 14th ult., appointed General John A. Logan Minister, and William A. Browning, Esq., Secretary of Legation, to the "Republic of Mexico." Colonel Browning has been the private Fecretary of President Johnson, and is now succeeded by Colonel

Robert Johnson, a son of the President, in that office. It is authori-tatively announced that the Federal Government, in order to preserve neutrality in the Mexican war, will allow no armed parties to pass the Federal frontier, nor permit munitions of war to be sent to either telligerent.

The South Carolina Legislature has adopted the Constitutional

amendment abolishing slavery, thus securing the adhesion of the necessary number of States to make the amendment form part of the Federal Constitution.

Mr. Worth, the popular candidate, has been elected Governor of North Carolina by a large majority.

The Fenians have rented a large house in Union-square, New York,

'which has been fitted up for Government offices.

The States of Wisconsin and Minnesota have voted against negro

suffrage.

The sales of Government property in Louisiana has been sus

Cded; and, according to a New Orleans journal, some troops had enna ordered to the Rio Grande.

General Kilpatrick has been appointed Minister to Chili. Before

going to his post he will visit Spain on an official mission.

The general Conference of the Mormon community commenced in Great Salt Lake City on the 6th of October, and concluded on the 9th The meetings were larger than have been seen for years.

CANAD

Two battalions of volunteers have been ordered to be ready for frontier duty against the Fenians. The 60th Regiment has been ordered from Montreal to Western Canada. These precautionary measures, it is stated, have restored confidence. Mr. Darcy M'Gee has lenounced the Fenians as thieves and plunderers.
C U.RR7JIV'J' LITERATURE.

History f the American Mar. By Lieutenant-colonel Pletc

Vols. I, Ii. (Richard Bentley.) he scale (not only as rega cubic inches, avoirdupois weig'st, and kindred  aracimim

also in respect of the labour freely bestowed by the author and the deep interest he evidently felt in the subject lie has U erta write about) on which these two volumes have been produced lead to the conclusion that the author intended, his history when completed

to be-so far as Englishmen at least are concerned-the the American War. But it is almost certain that when the author began his work the time had not come, and it is doubtful whether the time has yet come, for a satisfactory history of that great a eventful struggle which all but rendered for ever ridiculous the idea, cherished by many worshipful politicians of a single gigantj0 nation stretching from the Atlantic to the laciflc, and governed , the voice of the people as by the voice of God, and which tbxeatmQ to rivet the fetters of the s!ave, to open once more the hideous traffl,, in human flesh, to stop the propagation of the Monroe doctrine, a to forthwith demolish the castles built perchance in air by wise from the West who saw some astroloicaJ meaning in the conj tion of the stars and stripes. Passions are not yet cooled; judice has not -et removed the beam from her own eye; cannot properly fold the scales till the bandage which in the tuxmij of parties was torn from her eyes has once more been replaced. arA Peace is not yet sufficiently composed to give her evidence ful of the menacing attitude of War. Truth was drowned in tl mystic well ages ago, and therefore she cannot be expettA to appear in person; and her satellites, who still reverence her and attempt to discharge her functions, have scarcely yet had ti investigate all matters connected with the memorable cessiWar of &,

on. Colonel Fletcher is impartial with the impartiality of me

who, has a bias in one direction counterbalanced by a bias in another.

he was apparently led by personal friendships to sympathise with tis

Federals, and by general considerations with the Confedera.

he can possibly enter into the feelings of the self-examining a4yn. who satisfied his conscience with the reflection that he had saved from well-merited hanging at many as he had got sentenced to unmerited hanging, and that so, on the whole, justice had been done. It will be strange if Unionists do not fancy they detect in Colonel Fletch

 tone a decided leaning towards the Confederates, whether he be dJ. cussing the grounds of secession, or narrating the gallant deeds

Confederate men and Confederate ships, or exalting Mr. Davis and

disparaging Mr. Lincoln. The latter is frequently spoken o

alluded to in just such contemptuous terms as one might expect tie guardsman to apply to the rail. splitter. But the bullet of an

if no personal merit in the victim, has rendered detraction nuga.

and Abraham Lincoln will live in grateful memories as beloved an4

irerhaps as honoured as George Washington, pater patrice. Oo1un

?letcher says little or nothing of English opinion at the coin,j(. ment of the 'strug le; he tells the story of the "Star of the West" and Fort Sumter, tie firing upon the flag of the United States, which kindled in all Unionists a feeling similar to that described inthe

a fury seized on them, A fiery family passion for the name

Of Launcelot, and a glory one with theirs,

the bloodless defence, and the ultimate evacuation' but he does

not, perhaps wisely, mention the derision with which the leading

English journal and its following received the news; how meet made merry over the want of sport when only two men were killed, and that not in fight but in saluting their own flag; and how gneesea were made about the probable amount in the end of the

bill." A wholesome lesson might have been read, and a touching

contrast might have been drawn between prophecy and reality, At the commencement of the strife leading. artcle writers and thoughUess readers laughed merrily; now the angel of death alone has a right to smile, for he has reaped a goodly harvest. But per. haps we are better without such reminders. It may, however, be interesting to remark by the way that, according to a certain account, "two bullet-gatherers on Gettysburg field sent to Baltimorefifty tons of lead." Colonel Fletcher is not responsible for, nor does he mention, this statement: it is to be found in the Atlantic Mont),!7, arid may be a piece of American exaggeration. It may also excite the sneers of those who like large "butcher's bills," arid think that the slaughter at Gettysburg was unworthy of the leaden shower. Nevertheless, "General lleade acknowledges to the total loss during the campaign of 28,186 killed, wounded, and missing." The first of Colonel Fletcher's volumes is devoted to the first year and the second to the second year of the waif The first ends at tue period when victory was beginning to smile on the Federal arms, when Island No. 10 had, by an unparalleled mixture of science arid daring. been captured; when New Orleans had fallen, dragging down with it the prestige of the Confederates; when the formidable Merrimac had been destroyed, and when all hope of Confederate successes by sea was abandoned. The second ends with the campaign of Gsttysburg, during which there were fought on three successive days three great battles, followed by the retreat of the Confederates, which, Unionists are fond of remembering (though Colonel Fletcher, so far as our memory can be trusted does not mention the fact), took pines on the same day on which Vicicsburg surrendered, on the sacred Fourth of July. Colonel Fletcher had many advantages in his endeavours to obtain an insight into the affairs of both parties, and he wad an eye-witness of many events; but the accounts of many eyewitnesses and superintendents of the same event are required era its features can be accurately portrayed. - 1t is said that General Lee is
features can be accurately portrayed. It is said that General Lee is himself about to write the history of his own campaigns, and when he has written it there will be one contribution towards an accurate history of the whole war. Should Generals Grant and Sherman sad subordinate ocers, both Federal and Confederate, follow General Lee's plan, and should there be published, a plain and truthful account of the international questions which have arisen, been and remain to be settled, posterity may have a more trustworthy more instructive narrative than has ever yet followed the compeOIZ of a war. Meanwhile Colonel Fletcher's history may take no mean place amongst its like; it contains interesting details, fair critcisms useful maps, and descriptions easily and yet graphically written. It does not display the noble style of a Napier, but it is free from peetentiousness and other diangreeables. The author does not scorn to notice trivial things which have, nevertheless, some spice of roiuaSCS or similar ingredient, and therefore one looked with some curiosity to see whether he would confirm or contradict the report which identi the Confederate General Marmaduke with a Mr. Marmaduke Constable, of Scotch family and publishing renown; but we could find information upon the point.

Little Foxes. By Mr. H. B. Stowe. (Bell and Daldy Saueea

Lowe, Son, and Mareton.) The wise man singe, in Canticlee U. i

"Take us the foxes, the little foxes, that spoil the vines;" and sp

ing, after the fashion of New England, to the affairs o everyday ate

the language of the singer, Mrs. Stowe has written a series of excelleat

essays upon "those unsuspected, unwatched, insignificant little ca'

that nibble away domestic happiness." She displays her usual ini%kt

into human hearts, her usual happiness of illustration, and her

harm of composition . .. ..
The new bridge about to be suspended over the Ohio River

at Cincinnati will, the New Thrk Iferotd states, be the longest structure of the kind in the world, being more than 2000 ft. longer than that over the lagara River, and 040 ft. longer than the Menal Bridge, England. Its fetal span will be 1057ff. The atone piers rise 110ff, above the floor of the bridge and 200 ft. above their foundations. One year far allowed for building it
THE FENIAN TRIALS.

TB conviction of Thomas Clarke Luby of the offence of cosi. spiring to overthrow the sovereignty of the Queen in Ireland by force of arms and of replacing it by a Republican Government, and the heavy sentence passed upon him by the Court, will probably give a mournful satisfaction to a large majority of even his own countrymen. It is sad, inexpressibly sad, to witness a doom of civil degradation carried into effect upon a man who has been so reared as to make it worse than death to him, and to know that one of gentle blood, of conspicuous gifts, of high intellectual culture, and of all the social sensibilities and ties which such, advantages imply, will hence

forth be ranked with felons, and day by day endure the ignominy of sharing their lot. The utter desolation and. wretchedness of such a fate in such a case can only be contemplated with bleeding hearts by those whose springs of pity are not dried up. Nevertheless, it is a satisfaction to find that the law is strong enough to protect society from the much more abundant misery 'which must inevitably have resulted from the practical development of the designs to which Luby and his fellow-conspirators had. deliberately committed themselves, Without holding them guilty of the sanguinary intentions suggested in O'Keefe's letter, it is hardly too much to take for granted that the desperate counsels it brought under

their notice must have opened their eyes to the possible extremities to which insurrection, once excited, might be carried by the lowermost of its forces, and the hearty laugh with which it was received by Luby and his wife only shows how singularly unreflective must have been their habit of mind in laying the train which they meant to have exploded in civil war.

In truth, the entire conspiracy, as disclosed by the evidence, brings before us a somewhat novel phase of humah nature, and, one the philosophy of which has yet to be explained. What has been the impelling motive of Fenianism 7 What was the glitter in its promises which could have dazzled
ucb a mind as Luby's? We see in it an association

of what appears on the surface to be self -ss.crificing patriotism, of generous instincts, of capacities far from contemptible, and of indomitable energy, with a project as worthless in itself as to every rational mind it must have seemed

'wild and impracticable. Row are we to explain the combina-tion consistently with the known laws by which huian conduct in ordinarily regulated,? It is said that. there are three

undred thousand nisns in Anrerica and Ireland: to what is

their peculiar susceptibility in the virus of rebellion to be ascribed I Not to race; for Fenianism disclaims all -differences arising from blood. • Not to nationality; for the Irish people, as a 'whole, repudiate the "brotherhood." Not to misgovernment and oppression; for, whatever may have been he case in days gone by, Ireland has, for many years past, enjoyed all the Constitutional rights which belong to Engiaz4 and she can point to no wrong inflicted on her by law which she might not, if she pleased, get redressed by legal methods. Not even to religion; for Fenianism is no outbreak of religions animosity. What, then, is the explanation of this phenomenon T it is difficult to give any satisfactory account

f it. May it not be a vague echo of the past, deriving its own meaning and embasi( from the past alone? An outbreak of traditional irritation ? The reappearance of dim recollections in the form of revenge? The revival, by the American -Civil War, of hopes and aspirations, of enmities and passions, ,of restless impulses and shadowy dreams, which had all but passed away, and which, as invisible ink by the agency of heat, haae been brought out once more by the tremendous excitement which has recently convulsed the United States? If so, as we suspect, if, will soon disappear; but not less incumbent was it on the Government of Ireland to grapple firmly with the nascent mischief as soon as it became fairly tangible.

 We rejoice that the danger-so far as there was an element

of danger In the conspiracy-was faced with calmness as well as detemilnation. The Irish Government, we think, is to be congratsiated on the manner in which it has dealt with the incipient revolution. When it first began to act, it was laughed at for attaching too much importance to, a ridiculous plot. It is now blamed for having allowed it time to develop its features. Its beat justification is that it has eaved Ireland from confusion, andjias convicted the ringleaders -of rebellion, without having had recourse to any exceptional means. Without exciting more than a momentary alarm, with. out using any f its powers to excess, without resort to military form, 'without betraying for an instant the slightest tendency to vindictiveness, it has crushed in the bud what might have grown to be a troublesome insurrection. No blood has been shed, but crime has been brought home to the guilty, and justice las been administered in a considerate and merciful spirit. Fxom the first apprehension of the culprits to their conviction the law ocers of the Crown have given every facility to the mecused for conducting their defence; and in presiding over their trials the Judges have borne themselves dispassionately. Seldom, indeed, have State prosecutions been so entirely free from even a shadow of indecorum. Possibly, the severity of the sentence passed upon Luby may have excited surprise in a (me quarters; but even in this respect, we think, the bounds of moderation have not been overstepped.

That we maybe fully impress ed. with this conviction we must

turn our thoughts for a moment from the punishment to be endured to the crime which it was intended to repress. It has been said that history contains no record of a successful rebellion, for rebellion, when successful, is changed into patriotism. There is a grain of solid truth underneath this surface of glittering wit. The lesson that it teaches, however, is a weighty one; and, if duly pondered, will be found to condemn armed insurrection, except as a last effort to relieve one's country from an intolerable pressure of tyranny and degradation. Circumstances may be conceived in which it would be a man's duty to bear a flaminE brand through the chambers

abate the pretensions of the Fenians across the water, if it do not put a stop to their designs. At any rate, it may teach Irishmen in Ireland to contrast the conduct of those who, from a safe distance, would thrust them into the flames of civil discord with that of the authorities who seek to protect them from so dire an evil. And whi this puerile but malignant conspiracy is forgotten, as e trust it soon will be, and its ringleaders are expiating their crime in penal servitude, we are confident that England will be forward. to show her sister nation, who refused- to be 'wiled away into disloyalty, or to enter into even a momentary communion with treason, that she has no reason to regret her steadfastness. Her affairs will be taken in hand with a resolute determination to sift out from them everything which assumes even an appearance of injustice or neglect. Her sensitive spirit will, be as far as possible soothed; and Fenianism, though it meant it not, will have the effect of weaving new ties between the two islands, and in uniting their respective populations in a real and pnanent "brotherhood."
of a powder-magazine, but to do so in bravado, or for the at-tainment of any object short of paramount necessity, would be

an offence calling for the severest penalty. An attempt to overturn the settled order of Government by recourse to violence involves issues 'which none can control, but which are sure of being attended by fearful calamities. Take the case of Fenianism. If the plans of the conspirators had ripened into action, Ireland would have become, for however short a time, the theatre of civil wax. What does that imply, or rather, what in the form of human suffering does it not imply? It needs but a short memory to revert to what has recently passed on the other side of the Atlantic. What imagination can calculate the sum total of agony, bodily and mental, occasioned by that tremendous conflict? Now, it was to the possibility of such a catastrophe that the Fenian conspirators deliberately took steps to expose their country. And for what? To substitute for the free institutions of this realm a republic on the model of America and to separate Ireland from her connection with England. Could it have been accomplished-what then? Would the success have repaid the terrible cost at 'which it must have been purchased? Bat, comparing the means within reach of the conspirators with the means at the command of Great Britain, was there even a remote chance ai success? Why, their very country repudiated them and th"ir designs. An insurrection without adequate motive, without the narrowest ground of hope, denied even the good wishes of the people it was profeediy planned to serve, sure to be prolific of evil both to the innocent and the guilty, and without p10."uize of even a semblance of good, ought not to be confounded 'ith patriotism. It is a measureless crime, and calls aloud for bUal punishment.

We would lain ILPe that the dignified bearing of the Irish

CGYtrDnlCnt in çe of this provocation will scanewbat

UNITED STATES,

Florida has abolished slavery, repudiated the CYonfeder d, annulled the Secession ordinance, and provided for reodvisa tM testimony of coloured persons. The Mississippi A&-WI also passed a bill permitting negro testimony in certain cases. Th Governor of Alabama in his message to the IegisiD.tUXS urges ths adoption of the Constitutional amendment aboli8l1' alav&y, thassage of a clause for the rotection of negroes.

e Governor of Louisiana has called a specis.l 800810 ci

Legislature to elect members for Congress.

National Republican bill for the reorganization of the South is t be presented to Congress.

me prominent citizens of New York gave General Grant reception, at the Fifth Avenue Hotel, on e 20th nit. Two persons were present, including the naval and military notabilities.

General Weitzel has superseded General Steel in the =fl'

Texas.

Mr. Seward has forwarded to Mr. Adams a general ackflOW
anent of the numerous addresses which were sent from this country lotheUnited states ontheoccasionof Mr. Lincoln's death. President Jo1msox Says' Mr. Seward, has read the addresses "with profound ions of sensibility and gratitude." Mr. Seward alludes delicately to his having been laid aside in consequence of the attack made upon :iijn as the reason for these addresses not having been acknowledged eparately and at an earlier date, and he trusts that the signers of those addresses will accept this general answer.
During the mouth ending Nov. 80 the ships under the Act

which sailed from Liverpool were:-United States, 80 ships, containing 057 cabin and 6271 steerage passengers of these 2163 were English. 133 Scotch, 2462 Irish, end 1972 foreigners. To Oaneda, 1 ship with 13 cabin and 176 steerage passengers: 102 English, 1 Scotch, 48 Irish, and 23 foreigners. To New South Wales, 1 ship: no cabin, but 442 steerage, of whom 76 were Eng. Ush, 17 Scotch, 345 Irish, end S foreigners. To Queensland, I ship, no cabin, 558 steerage: 305 English, 56 Scotch, 187 high, and 5 foreigners, To Victoria, 2 ships, 27 cabin, 482 steerage: 159 English, 41. Scotch, 258 Irish, 24 foreigners. The short ships were :-United States, 9 ships, 858 passengers; Victoria, 2 ships, 56 passengers; West Indies, 4 ships, 46 passengers; South America, 5 ships, 60 passengers; Africa, 2 ships, 45 passengers; East Indies, 4 ships, 21 passengers; Mexlco,1 ship,2 passengers. As compared with November, 1864, these returns show an increase of 8804
There is little variety in Elaclcwood this month. The two fictions go on so smoothly and evenly, and so much in accordance with their character at the commencement as to afford bpxJy.pejoz mark.lir Invisible Capital" a hopeful subject ; while a

disiatinginiisestimatrrd 1ier(moirsof the

Confederate War contInues to throw an occasional aide-light upon the history of the contest, which is all that can be expected under the circumstances. It is not Major von Borcke's fault that he is a mere trooper, incapable of an impartial, or even a rational, view of the transactions in which he took part; but it must surely be his own fault that he should have served so long under General Lee without imbibing a particle of the modesty and good taste by which that great commander was characterised.
ABRoBDnAIAT CBSS-PIECE.-The FM aep1th Daily

Evening Bulletin glees the following laughable description of the monstrous knights which have been carved for the new chessmen in use at the Mercantile Library in Philadelphia :"HYIROCBPALlJS.-We hope our Mercantile Library friends will not think us over-captious if we refer to the improvement (I) recently made in the chessmen used In that popular resort, Some new artist has been at work, who has produced a Knight which wodid turn our friend Staunton's hair grey In a single hour, if that honourable distinction has not already been awarded to him by Father Time. The Wooden Horse of Troy was a baby compared to this Mercantile Knight. Gigantic in stature, he looks down with Ineffable scorn at the puny Book by his side. Misshapen in proportion, he should be called, not Bucephlua, but Hydrocephalus! To give the odds of such Knights is equal to an ordinary Book, and the only way to deal with them is to change them o early in the game, as no other pieces can be seen until they are removed from the board."
UNITED STATES.

The Washington correspondent of the New Yo,*  has been

Positively informed that the relations of the Federal Government with France and England are entirely satisfactory7 and no prospect emats of the friendly relations being distnrbed. Tins statement is supported by the announcement that the army will be reduced to 50,000 men by the lot of may next.

The lcuJies in North Oarohina had been finally adjusted by tbe
aiieation, on the part of the local Legislature, of the Constitutional

J)iendnlent aboishuig slavery.

General, Grant has. set out upon a Southern tour of inspection. ItIS

reported that be will visit the tio Grande.

we1ve hundred negroes have left Charleston to returli to the em. 1lcyment of their former masters on Sea Island.

.A. collision bad, we are told, occurred at Grenada, in Mississippi,

tween the soldiery and some armed negroes who were discovered concealing a large quantity of arms.
HEAD-QUARTERS OF THE FENL&NS

AT W YORK.

OUR NOW rork Correspondent writes as follows, under date of the 20th of November :

I send you a sketch of the new Club House, -or, as it is termed, ." Head-quarters," lately esablished here by the Fenian Brotherhood. The locality chosen by them is a central and yry fashionable one, their large and cornmoioua mansion being situated on the north side of Unionsquare, next door the Everett House Hotel. Formerly it belonged to a celebrated "e]inirist" known as "Dr.' Hoff at, who made a large fortune by the manufacture ,f "Phoenix Bitters"-s, potion with which, under the present tenure of the building in question, a suggestive coincidence seems to be connected. The leading spirit of the Feni

is no loner termed the "Head Centre," but is now President, and the constitution of the brotherhood is based upon that of the United States. Within a week or two there has been some little excitement on the Canada be

arising ou of an expected Penian "raid," and

Mper pr6cautions have been taken by the adian authorities to repulse any attempts that might be made upon the banks by bands of stragglers such as the termination of the civil war here has thrown "upon the loose." It Is quite probable that the real object of the Fenian organisation is to centralise

finance in this country. Already a common

subject of complaint among Americans is that

America is "too much governed by the Irish;"

and, should the efforts now in motion to make Penianism take root here prove successful, the revival of the Native American or "Knownothing," party will probably be tie consequent result.
Tije following extract from a 1tter recently written by Mrs.

Lincoln, the widow of the late President of the United States, is published by

the New York Independent.-" Truly," writes Mrs. Lincoln, "no sorrow has been like onto mine. I am as broken-hearted over this overwhelming affliction as when the terrible tragedy first occurred, and of coarse realise it far more. I have lost the most loving and devoted of husbands, and my dear boys the beat father that eons were ever blest with. 'Until God's love shall place me by his side again,' I shall know no peace or alleviation of my grief. Knowing him as you did, I am sure you can pardon and appreciate a wife's great sorrow over so untimely a lose! Bow I 'wish you could have been with my dear husband the last few weeks of his life! Having a realising sense that the unnatural rebellion was near it close, end being most of the time away from Washington, where he had passed through such conflicts of mind during the last four yearsfeeling so encouraged, he freely gave vent to his cheerfulness. Down the Potomac he was almost boyish in his mirth, and reminded me of his original nature as I remembered him in our own home, free from care, surrounded by those he loved. That terrible Friday I never saw him so supremely cheerful. Kis manner was even playful. At three o'clock he drove out with me in the open carriage. In starting I asked him if anyone should accompany us. He borne. diately replied, 'No; prefer to ride by ourselves to-day.' During the drive he was so gay that I said to him, laughingly 'Dear husband, you almost startle me by your great cheerfulness.' He reped, 'A.nd well may feel so, Mary; for I consider this day the war has come to a close; and then added, 'We mast both be more cheerful in the future. Between the war end the loss of our darling Willie we have been very miserable,' Every 'word he then pttortd is deeply engraved on my poor broken heart,"
The .iv York Tine states that a second part of Captain

a]1's report on his search for fuller information about Sir Soha Franklin's Act Sc expedition has been received. The wrecked ships of Franklin appear to have been visited, the remains of a large number of their arews seen, frozen and mutilated, and the valuables left in the ships appropriated by the Eagrirnaux. They encourage Captain Hall to believe that some of the men may still be living

•fl ------------------£_ - li - 2J --------------------------------------:,crr - tt 2S ---
UNITED STATES.

The first session of the thirty-ninth Congress opened on the 4th

inst. We gave in a great part of our Impression last week an

outline of President Johnson's Message to Congress. The President

says that the reconstruction of the Union must be effected by the

North's allowing past disorders to sink into oblivion, and by the

South's adopting the Constitutional amendment abolishing slavery

for ever. Persons charged with treason should be fairly tried by a

civil court, and it should be judicially settled that no State can secede

from the Union. It is proposed to reduce the army, to a peace establishment if 50,000 men, so organised that their numbers may, in case of need, be raised to 82,000 men. The army estimates have been reduced from 516,000,000, dollars to 83,000,000 dollars. The currency should be reduced, and a plan should be, devised to pay, o the national debt within thirty years. The President's aim will be to promote peace and auity with foreign nations;. an&he believes them to be actuated by the same disposition. A sincere desire for peace induced the President to propose that the questions between the United States and England respecting the outfit and depredations of Confederate cruisers should be submitted to arbitration ' but England rejected that offer, and. proposed a commission to settle' claiins,exeluding those arising from those depredations.. That proposal had been declined as very unsatisfactory. The claims had not been brought forward by the United States with the primary object of obtaining compensation, brt with the purpose of establish-. hag important 'principles of international, law. The President does not . advise any present attempt at redress bylegislation; and the future amity of the two countries mnst.rest on, the basis of mutual justice. The United States Governmsntrhas. abstained from interfering with forms of Government in European. will. regard it as a great calamity "should any European Power chal.. lenge the American people as it were to defend Republicanism against foreign interference.' The correspondence with France will at the proper time be laid before Congress.

The Secretary of the Treasury's report recommends contraction-of

the currency, and provision for the reduction of the debt. These will be a deficiency of 112,000,000 dols. for the financial year ending in. June next; and that sum must be provided by loans; but in thefinancial year ending in June, 1867, there will be an estimated surplus of 11,000,000 dole.

None of the Southern members had been admitted to take their seats in Congress; and a joint committee of the Senate and Houseof Representatives was expected to be appointed to report whether any of the rebellious States wei'e entitled to representation in either house.

The Georgia and Alabama Legislatures had adopted the Consti. tutional amendment abolishing slavery, and the Louisiana Legislature had declared slavery for ever abolished.

Mr. Schuyler. Colfax, of Indians, has been elected Speaker of the House of- Representatives.

The Penian President at New York has got to loggerheads with his.

sham senate.
The inquest on the bodies of the five persons who pens

• through the collision between the American barque Penny Buck and the Dover mail-packet Samphixe, on Wednesday se'nnight, wee brought to a close on Saturday. The Samphire left Dover on Wednesday night for Calais, the weather being thick and foggy. About twenty minutes after leaving Dover the men on the look-out on board the steamer saw a dim light on the port bow, and the captain had hardly given the order "Hard a-port" when the Fanny Buck struck the steamer. The jury returned the following verdict :-"The jury find that the deaths of the persons In question was accidental; but that the accident in question might have been avoided If the barque had shown a better light. In recording this -verdict the jury cannot separate without expressing their admiration of the conduct of Captain Bennett and the crew of the Sampblre for the coolness and intrepidity displayed by them in their trying position, which, under God's providence, was the means of rescuing so many lives; alec that great praise was due to Captain Hoet of the Belgian steamer, for his ready assistance.
IT is satisfactory, at the season when peace and good-will are most strongly inculcated, to be able to record that in the only quarter from which it was possible for England to expect nafriendliness a demonstration has been made which may fairly be assumed to indicate that no rupture with this country will be sought. President Johnson's Message has becu delivered. We naturally look, in the first instance, to see what the President has to say about England, and we find, as was expected, a paragraph specially directed to the question of the relations between the United States and ourselves. We had no right to suppose that the arguments which have been urged by American diplomacy should not be condensed and affirmed in the Message. The President reiterates that we were hasty in acknowledging the belligerency of the South, and refuses to accept Earl Russell's interpretation of the law of nations itt. reference to the damages done by the vessels which escaped from our ports. Were we disposed to complain, it would be that no credit is accorded to our Government for the seizures it did effect, in defiance of certain strongly.. expressed feelings here, and that implication of self-interest on the part of England is attached to what the people of this country assuredly regret as an accident, for the nation had no sympathy with blockade-runners, and had something less than sympathy with the pirates that destroyed defenceless vessels. But it would be unfair to lay stress upon points which were obviously necessary to the completeness of the Presidential argument. It is more to the purpose to observe the general tone and bearing of the paragraph which relates to England, and to notice that there is not the least attempt to inflame the mind of America against us, or to do more than place upon record the view which the Cabinet of Washington takes in opposition to that of St. James's. The modified arbitration offered by Lord Russell is declined, as Mr. Adams had all but stated that it would be; bit, so far as words and the absence of words mean anything, we may believe that the American Government is too well aware of the mighty interests committed to its charge to be disposed to disturb the minds of men and. the relations of commerce by raising a
quarrel on a question which, compared with the gigantic interests it might imperil, may indeed be called miserable. Diplomatists may continue to argue it out, or the issues may be left for future treatment; but it is clear that the head of the great Republic has too Christian and statesmanly S. sense of his duties to mock the thanksgivings for deliverance froni a terrible war, in which a great and real. stake was in. VOlvd, by hazarding another disruption of society for the sake of a very doubtful right, and a very contemptible cause. England, therefore, while supporting the view of her own (oyerjiment, cannot but admit that America is fortunate in the ixLaglatrate who had greatness so strangely and so sadly thrust Upon him.

The rest of the Message, with ti3 exception of a Congratula. Lion to the people upon friendly $lations with Russia and With China, and with the exception also of a guarded reference to Mexico-the President being unwilling to consider what oppor. iuniies might present themselves should it be necessary to provide against foreign interference - is devoted to fopics exclusively American. An exposition 9f the indissoluble character of the Union and of the policy of ieoonstruction is followed by a reference to the four millions vhoin the war has aUed into freedom. The negro suffrage

•tluestion is declared to be one with which the general -Government is not competent to deal, and it is pronounced to be one for the several States. The freed mei are Counselled to show patience and the manly virtues. The President predicts a happy future for the Southern States if they accept the changes with wisdom and use due energy in recovering what has been lost by the cessation t! unpaid labour. The finance question occupies a large space in the Message, but it may suffice to state that America ndsherse]f with a debt of 4600,000,000, but with resources Which an improved system of taxation will render equal, it is JeUeved, to the work of rapidly reducing this burden. In the Cloquent adjuration to the citizens of the States to remember 'the vast amount of solid happiness which they possess, and in he prayer for the long-continued prosperity of the great flepublic, every Englishman will join, and not the less cordially that be is invited to do so at a time when all Christians are

.called upon to remember and humbly to imitate Him whose

name they bear.
EIGHTEEN HUNDRED AND SIXTY-FIVE.

NOT yet actually committed to the tomb of its predecessors, but within a span of its appointed term of existence, the year 1865 deserves a farewell notice. There have been many more memorable years in the present century-many that stand out more conspicuously as historical landmarks; and yet, perhaps, very few within whose limits the future philosophical exponents of the progress of our race will discover in greater

abundance the germs of mighty changes j A.D. 1865, alt1ou
The political character of 1565 has been formed mainly by Transatlantic events. To our cousins across the water its history has been fuller of sensational passages than the bestwritten romance, carrying within it, moreover, an important moral, The last tidings which have reached us announce the adoption by three fourths of the States of the "constitutional amendment" abolishing slavery throughout the Union, thereby stamping the "peculiar domestic institution" as illegal whereever United States law is administered to the inhabitants. How powerfully and permanently this change will affect the destiny of the American Republic it would be rash to foretell; but its happy consequences will probably be felt long after the events which led to it have ceased to retain their hold upon national recollection. And yet what a series of startling facts is that which culminated in this result, and how large a proportion of it belongs to the present year I When, in December last, Abraham Lincoln's pathetic and prophetic Message was being read to Congress, General Sherman's march through Georgia was within a few days of being completed-a feat to the accomplishment of which may be traced the sudden and irremediable collapse of the Confederacy. We need not recapitulate the incidents which followedthe evacuation of Richmond, the surrender of General Lee, the assassination of Mr. Lincoln, the conciliatory policy of President Johnsonmemory has not yet lost sight of the summits of that mountainrange of events, towering, as they do, high above the average level of the year's affairs. As they catch the eye of retrospection, awe overspreads the soul; and, as it turns from the past to the future, it breathes out a fervent prayer that the coming good may overtop thegone evil.
UNITED STATES.

We have intelligence from .&merica to the loth inst., brought by the

City of New York steamer.

The House of Representatives has adopted the resolution concerning

the admission of Southern members as amended by the Senate, but

zubsequently passeed a resolution on its own account as stringent against the South as the on ina1 one. A resolution indorsing the -President's reconstruction policy was not allowed to be introduced.

The Senate has considered the question of the admission of Southern

members, and had permitted to those for Tennessee the privilege of the Jtoor. Mr. Wilson's bill, declaring null all laws of the Southern States recognising any inequality in civil rights on account of colour, has been called up and discussed.

Three fourths of the States having ratified the Constitutional amendment abolishing slavery, it is now the supreme law.

The Secretary of the Treasury has announced that Spain and Chili

will not be permitted to bring prizes into Federal ports.

The split in the Fenian camp is complete. The senate has im

peached and deposed the president, O'Mahony, for malfeasance and

ntisapproriation of funds, and had elected W. H. Roberts in his room. 0 Mahony has refused to recognise the validity of this deposition and both senate and president are supported by large bodies of the 'enian brotherhood. Roberts has issued an address calling upon the Feniana to act promptly and smash up England. It is said that the Feniann have about £tOO,000 in hand; a sum sufficient to maintain the members of the Fenian cabinet in splendour for some time, but scarcely large enough, one would think, to enable the Fenisna to "smash up England."

Resolutions had been introduced into Congress, and referred to the

Committee on Foreign Affairs, declaring the establishment of the Mexican empire by France to be opposed to the declared policy of the Federal Go'vernment, offensive to the people, and contrary to the spirit of their institutions. The resolutions further require the President "to take such steps concerning this grave matter as will 'vindicate the recognised policy, and protect the honour and interest of the American Government." Both Houses had requested the President to furnish papers respecting Mexico.

These resolutions have, it seems, stimulated the French Minister to action. He has opened a correspondence with Mr. Seward, and dmpatched his secretary to France for new instructions. It is rumoured that if the Federal Government accredit a Minister to Juarez. the French Embassy will at once lea-vs Washington.
The report of the United States Secretary of the Navy reveals

the unlooked-for fact that, so far as erperienceyet goes, ironclndsarehealthjer than ordinary men-of-war.

The Bait Lake Telegraph mentions the reported discovery of

an unparalleled gold deposit recently made by a Get-man or Norwegian named Brown, who amassed a large treasore are he was himself discovered. One person who was admitted into lfr. Brown's drift states that it presented a scone of wealth more akin to a picture of imagination than actuality. Gold I gold I gold I met the view on every side-above, below, and all around-and reflected back its rich hues in the glare of the candles, as if this subterranean vault had been hewn out of a solid ledge, fully tuft. In width. The gold vein Is O ft. wide-three fourths of the entire substance therein being V".

gold; the remainder mainly bismuth. On each side of this vein there casing of lit, of quartz, which will sissy IM dOO dols. to 2000 dol& to the

ton The very 'wall-rook is rich
The Gazette of yesterday week contained further cor

respondence between our Porelgu Office and Mr. Adams on American affairs. Mr. Adams, on the part of his Government, declines Burl Russell's proposition for a joint commission, since the American claims on account of the Alabama were to be especially excluded. There is also a correspondence on the Shenandoah, for whose escape and equipment Lord Clarendon declares England i not answerable; and, dually, Mr. Adams accepts the surrender of the $henandcah, but complains that the man were not put on their trial, to which Lord Clarendon replies that there was no evidence that would warrant their detention for a single day.
