AMERICA.

By the snivel of the Jura and Edinburgh we are in receipt of news to the 24th alt.

BEnLIGE]3T OTERTIOr5S ON LAND AND SEA,

Ger.eral lj'CJellan continues his advance on Richmond without

encountering any serious impediment. A portion of his army had crossed the Chickahoetiny at Bottom's Bridge; another division crossed the Chickahominy at New Bridge; seven miles further up, and within-, eight miles of Richmond. The Federal vanguard is reported to be five miles from the Southern capital, to which point the Confederates bed fallen back without any real resistance.

Nothing further has been done by the gun-boats on the James River

The report that the Federals lost above 1000 men on that occasion was

a gross exaggeration. The report of the surgeon gives 13 killed and

11 wounded on the Galena; to which may be added 17 killed in the Nan gatuck by the explosion of her gun.

The Mayor and City Council of Norfolk having refused to take the oath of allegiance, and a general spirit of resistance among the citizens having manifested itself, General Wool had declared martial law, and announced that Norfolk would be out off from trade and commerce unless the people returned to their allegiance.

General Banks has suffered a check in the valley of the Shenandoah. The Confederates, under General Jackson, had driven the Federal Colonel Bentley's command from Front Royal with considerable loss, and taken possession of the place.

The "guerrillas" are active in Western Virginia in harassing the

Federals under Preniont.

Pensacola was evacuated by the Confederates on the 9th ult., after

 destroying the Navy-yard and the forts. The city had been occupied

by the Federals.

Advices from Key West report that the British iron steamer

Circassian, with a corgo of tea, silk, coffee, and munitions of war,

valued at 1,000,000 dola., had been seized by the blockading fleet,

TFe flotilla of Commodore Farragut had advanced up the Mississippi

to Vicksbnrg, 400 miles from New Orleans, without meeting any

resistance,

From the Upper Mississippi it is reported that the Confederates have

abandoned Fort Wright, and fallen back on Fort Randolph.

Active skirmishing goes on between the armies of Beauregard and Haileck near Corinth. That of the former is said to be suffering much from sickness and paucity of food.

-  WAEKINGTON.

The War Department had issued a cell for a fresh levy of volunteers. All the r ecrutiag stations are reopened.

Mr. Seward had notified the foreign Ministers that the blockade of

the several seaport towns in the occupation of the Federals had ceased; but that the mails and trade would be subject to military surveillance.

The House of Representatives have passed a bill by a majority of 22 for giving grants of land and loaning the public credit to a company formed to construct the Pacific Railroad. The route chosen is known as the ' middle" rout; and starts from Western Kansas.

The United States' District Court had ordered the restitution of the British steamer Labuan, the seizure off the Rio Grande and the Mexican coast being declared illegal.

A collision between the police and the military had occurred in the

streets of Washington. A body of police, provided with the proper writs, seized two negroes from the ranks and placed them in gaol. An effort was made to arrest six or eight other fugitives in the same manner, when the soldiers pointed their muskets and forced the police to desist from their enterprise,

RICHMOND.

Richmond papers of the loth contain a correspondence between Mr. Davis and the Virginia Legislature in regard to the recent movements of the rebel army. He states that he never intended to withdraw the army from Virginia; that if in the course of events Richmond hon1cI fall, the necessity of which he did not see or anticipate, that would be no reason for withdrawing the army from Virginia. In his opinion the war could be successfully carried on on Vi±gi ala soil for twenty years

PERSONAL.

Mrs. Mary C. Thome, the last surviving witness of the execution of Major Andr died in New Fork on the 10th tilt., at the age of ninety-two. Her father was a Quartermaster of the Continental Army, and was stationed in the Highlands when Andrds capture and execution took place.

Mr. Drew, the Irish comedian, died suddenly at Philadelphia on the the 21st alt. He bad just completed a successful engagement of one hundred nights, and was about starting for a second tour to Europe. He was 26 years of age. He emigrated to the United States about fifteen years ago. He had performed in California and Australia with great success. Three children survive him.

Mr. J. S. Barey is lecturing at the Cooper Institute, New York.
- LETTERS FOR THE OUTHEBN STATES 010 AMIfBtO&

The subjoined circular, elated Washington, May 21, has been received by the PostmasterGeneral at St. lelartlu's-le-ilvand :-" Sir, -X have the honour 10 state, for your information, that the mails are now allowed to pass to and

from New Orleans and her places which, having heretofore been seized by insurgent forces, have since been recovered, and are now occupied by the land and naval forces of the United States. t is proper, however, to add that a military surveillance is maintained over such mails so far as the Government dude it necessary for the pulsIfO safety. I am, &c., WlnnIA.bo a SJlW.&ien,"
Mr. sumner presented to the United States' Senate a petition 700 feet long, and signed by 10,000 women, praying or the abolition of slavery. The first shipment to New Orleans on the news of its capture was made by a Boston firm It couslsted of 1000 tone of j,

I mt flm,.:,,7 n p. .c ........... - - -d
CBnos1o n C&iroonöiA.-.There are 50,000 Chineoe in

Cfornia-V1,., 80,000 engaged in mining, 1200 in farm labour, 2000 in

trading, and 16,800 in washing, boning, and in domestic service. There are 100 respectable married Chinese women with families in California. In 1821 the expenditure of the OiLiness added three millions to the Californian exchequer. The Chinese miners are only allowed to work on claims abandoned by Americans. Out of 2783 convictions, only 168 were Chinese . Oneseventh of Californian exports, exclusive of treasure, is to China and last year threequarters of a million worth of treasure was exporied from California to China. ifty-se'ven thousand tons of Californian shipping were engaged last year in the China trade. In some of the mining counties the Chinese form one-tenth of the polul8tion and pay one-fourth t the tae.
In the titlepage of his new work, 4vorce America, which hag been

recently published by Messrs. Chapman and Hall, Mr. Anthony

Teollope mentions his authorship of "The West Indies and the Spanish

Main," which is appropriate, and leading up to his latest book of travels; but he also refers to such works as "Doctor Thorne" and "Orley Farm," an announcement 'which might lead intending readers to ideas with regard to that which they were about to peruse, which 'would be erroneous. What we mean is, that it might be supposed that Mr. Trdllope was about to exercise his well-known power as a humorist and delineator of manners from a bantering point of view, and that we should find America and the Americans treated in the style of "Fraxaley Parsonage." It may, therefore, be necessary to warn those whose attention we desire to turn to this book that they must expect nothing of the kind. Mr. Trollope writes with a seriousness probably caught from the contemplation of what he states to have been a long cherished purpose. It appears that it has been the ambition of his life to write a hook about the United States. and he had made up his mind to visit the country with that object before the intestine troubles of the United States' Government had commenced. He has not allowed the division amongst the States and the breaking out of civil war to interfere with his intention; although, naturally enough, he says that he should not purposely have chosen that period either for his book or his visit. It is probable that his readers would have been glad if it had happened otherwise. He wishes it to be understood that it is not his special purpose to write an account of the struggle as far as it has yet been carried, but that his wish is to describe, as well as he can, the present social and political state of the country. This he should have attempted, with more personal satisfaction in the work, had there been, no disruption between the North and South- but he has not allowed that disruption to deter him from an object which, if it had been delayed, might probably never have been carried out. He was therefore forced to take the subject in its present condition, and, being so forced, he has been compelled to 'write of the war, of the causes which have led to it, and of it probable termination; but he pointedly declares that 11 was not his selected task to do so, and it was not his primary object. Perhaps the latent primary object peeps out in another statement,'ia 'which he recalls to recollection that thirty years ago his mother wrote a book about the Americans which was a well-known suit successful work. It was, however, Mr. Trollope thinks, essentially a woman's book. Mrs. Trohlope saw with a woman's keen eye, and described with a woman's light and graphic pen (may not this description stand for the previous efforts of her son?) the social defects and absurdities 'which our near relatives had adopted into their domestic life. All that he told, he says, was worth the telling, and the telling, if done successfully, was sure to produce a good result, and he is satisfied that it did so. But he is of opinion that she did not regard it as apart of her work to dilate on the nature and operation of those political arrangements which had produced the social absurdities which she saw, or to explain that, though such absurdities were the natural result of those arrangements in their newness, the defects would certainly pass away, while the political arrangements, if good, would remain. buch a work, he believes, is fitter for a man than a woman. There is, therefore, a sort of filial feeling involved in the undertaking, and a laudable desire to make "Trollope on America" complete has been the main motive cause of this publication. With sufficient modesty the author disclaims any notion that he thinks it is a task which he can perform with entire satisfaction either to himself or to others, but no doubt the reading public are willing to give hut

 the credit he deserves for possessing many of the qualities

for the duty he has undertaken, and they expect at once

anagreeable and auable book. There is good sense as well as good

feeling evinced in Mr. Trollope's declaration of a desire to do some-.

thing to add to the familiarity of Englishmen with Americans. He

says, with some reason that the writings which have been most popular in England on the subject of the United States have hitherto dealt chiefly with social details, and, though in most cases true and useful, have created laughter on one side of the Atlantic and soreness on the other, and he consequently feels a desire to do what he can t

mitigate the soreness and add to the good feeling which, should exist between two nations which ought to love each other well, and which do hang upon each other very constantly. It is in. this spirit that our author started for Boston on the 24thor August, 1861, with the deaigz of staying in America over the winter, and returning In the spring- and this programme he can-led out with sufficient exactness. The account of the rather discursive route of the traveller through Maine, New Hampshire, and'Vermont, thence through Lower, and Upper Canada to Niagara, end thence to the Mississippi, back to ew YoYork, and Boston, (lambridge, and Lowell to Washington, is interpersed with somewhat elaborate disquisitions on the causes and prospects of the war, and such social questions as the rights of women as they are considered in A,inerioa, and the educational system of the States, with a touch hero and there of manners, under such headings as "American Insolence." A long leap is next made to St. Louis, which is about as far south as the author seems to have reached. Long chapters are devoted to the Constitution of the United Slates, its government, its law courts and lawyers, the post-office, and the financial position of the country. Of course there is a chapter on "hotels," and here there i, perhaps, a alight infusion of Mr. Trollopa's ordinary style, bat not much. In the section devoted to literature even-handed justice seems to be dealt out to molts and defects, as might be expected from one whose experience must havemntm'ed his judgment. On the whole, this is a serious, solid, sensible, well-written book; but if any one expects that it displas any striking specialty, or that a writer of peculiar powers has- dealt with a comparatively familiar subject in a peculiar way, we think they will be disappointed. But the evident care which has been. bestowed upon it will, even after the prestige of the author's name has been dissipated, entitle it to hold the place in public eatima

tion wl1ich as we think the 'writer designed it to occupy. -
¥ THE CONTEST IN AMERICA. in some degree they would seem to overrate it, for there has Pa most recent accounts of the internecine struggle which is been something very neaty akin to ,a panic amongst the Federals, going on in the Republican States of North America give little If it be the fact that the President of the United States has hope of any approaching settlement of the unhappy differences over half a million of men under arms, notwithstanding the between the North and South. On the contrary, all that we division of that force into several corps-d'armde, operating know seems to indicate the beginning of a new phase in the on different points and extended over an enormous contest. The military policy, the strategy, or by whatever tract of country, yet the bodies which are acting in name it may be called, of the Southern leaders appears to have concert in Virginia and its neighbourhood are each aubeen based on the course which the Russian Generals adopted in ciently strong; and therefore it argues a grave condition of the face of the French invaders. A gradual retirement before affairs when we hear that alarm Is felt for the safety of the advancing forces through a country laid desolate with a Washington,that a demand of 150,000 militia is made for it view, to draw them as far as possible from their sources of supply defence, and that volunteer regiments have absolutely been is a game which, if well played, is tolerably sure to be successful sent from New York for this purpose. Can it be that climate in the end, and the approach of its results may generally be and disease are already doing their fell 'work on the thousands calculated by days. As matters stood when. the last advices of the North who have been drawn towards those regions of left America, it would seem that the time had arrived when the the South where fever is a more dreaded foe than my riads of Confederates believed that a stand was to be made, and we believe armed men? At any rate, whereas a fortnight or three weeks that more serious fighting is imminent than has yet taken place. ago recruiting for the Northern forces had been stopped, we Recollecting that the statements which reach Europe come from now hear of pressing demands for new and extraordinary levies. Federal sources, it is quite clear that the authorities of the The great motive cause of that which we will delicately

North do not underrate the serioisneas of this crisis. In truth, ¥ designate a' little nervousness in the North has, of course, been
the defeat of General Banks at the battle of Winchester,

Previously to - this, General Hafleck, who had gained a

victory over the Confederates, had. somehow found it either

necesaiy or convenient to remain in a state of inactivity.; in fact,, his advance was practically stopped; while General M'Cllellan, with characteristic caution, having felt his way, intimated that, owing to the large force opposed to him, he was not likely to make any very dashing onset. When, however, General Banks's defeat was followed by the expulsion of the Federal army from Virginia, the matter reached in the eyes of the Northerns the height of disaster, and an immediate advance of the Confederates upon Washington was taken for granted. No doubt, such a step would prove an immense moral advantage to the Southerners, and the occupation of the capital of the Federal Union would be, however shortlived, at once a triumph and a benefit to their cause; but it is not very probable that they would or could take any such step. It would be Inconsistent with the plan which, as far, as we can judge, they have adopted, and so far with success. It is no little matter for them that their line touches once more upon the Potomac, and that the important State of Virginia is as far as ever from being in the
possession of the Federals. While the Northern forces, numerically large as they are, have, as we have said, been drawn upon by the corps necessary to operate against the coast cities of the South, so that the bodies which have advanced from the Potomac in what may be called the invasion of the South inland are strong but not overwhelming in numbers, the Confederates appear to have concentrated their troops for the purpose of defending their land frontier. In Virginia, in Kentucky, and Tennessee, they were holding their own at the last accounts. It is understood that Beauregard, giving up his command at Corinth, has gone to encounter M'Clellan, and it is probable that a great battle will be fought between these, who have been hitherto what may be termed the representative Generals of the contending parties. How long before such a consummation will be achieved it is at present not easy to say. The campaign is becoming one of slow and cautious movements - of intrenehments and that sort of attack and defence which is not usually indicative of a fight in the open field. A new levy of 100,000 men has been called for by President Lincoln for his regular army, and this implies time for recruiting, for drilling, and organisation; and therefore it is clear that he at least does not contemplate a speedy cessation of the war.

 It is withastonishment that we see what must be deemed a revival of the strength of the Confederates. One wonders 'whence they draw their resources and how they contrive to keep up the large armies which are now coming into play in a manner 'which was certainly not expected of them a week or two since. 'What is now demonstrable to the most sanguine believer of a comparatively early triumph by the Federals over the &ceders is, that the crowning conquest is by no means at hand. It is not likely now that a great battle fought between any of the different corps which are in presence of each other would be decisive of the fate of the war. The dreams of a ninety days' contest are still dissolving, and that in a more rapid ratio than before; and, while blood and treasure are being poured out day by day, all things portend that the measure of the flow of both cannot yet be calcu. lated. It is, of course, not to be expected that those who are entirely engaged in this strife, which is the last arbitrement of difference of opinion, can reason on its ultimate effects, or calmly sit down to count the cost. Bat there must be many thinking men in America who concur with thinking men in England in mourning over the advent of circumstances which point to an indefinite prolongation of warfare in that fair region of the West, which has been long a land of promise to those who could not find sufficient room in the old country. The diplomatists of Europe know well the difficulty, not to say the danger, of interference in the internal affairs of a people so sensitive and so proud s the Americana; but may it not be insinuated that the time is approaching when some friendly attempt might be made to bring on at least an armistice, with a view to giving opportunity to both sides to consider their relative positions, undisturbed by the passionate impulses which stir the blood of men with arms in their hands and placed front to front with an enemy? We would not counsel, we would not suggest, any intervention in the strict sense of the term ; but in the interests of humanity it is desirable that some endeavour should be made merely to procure a cessation of hostilities during the season which is even now upon those large bodies of men collected in districts where they must be decimated, at the very least, by disease.

 1o one denies the resources of America, and indeed, if they lad been doubted before, the events of the last twelve months would have dissipated every difficulty of belief in their extent; but even such powers of raising and maintaining armies as this young country has developed must have their limit. Even now one dreads to contemplate the hereafter of this civil war. Something has been said, with an affectation of philosophy, that, alter all, the ordeal which America is going through will only result in snaking her that what she has hitherto not been in the most positive sense-a nation. It is true that history teaches us that most countries have had fiery trials to encounter ore they culminated into nations; and amongst them the baptism in blood, domestic as well as foreign, has been so prominent as

+ vA hep.n essential. But in most

only be maintained by the establishment of a standing army of 00,000 men, and that it might even be necessary to convert the form of government into a military despotism in order to the accomplishment of that ideal confederation of all those provinces which in combination went by the name of the United States. This is, to say the least of it, a curious picture of the future of the freest country in all creation. To us it is by no means a pleasant one to contemplate. It implies a military nation, and, by consequence, an aggressive one; and, in a dim future, one beholds fierce wars between the old countries and the new, waged for the purpose of checking aggrandisement on the part of the latter, or even on the part of America for that false deity, the influence of which is beginning to fail even amongst the most infatuated of its worshippers in Europe, and which has been known under the name of Glory! Something like this is indicated in that notion which is coming uppermost, to which we have previously alluded, that of making America a nation. Assuming that that consummation is yet to be arrived at, which we are very far indeed from admitting, is it necessary that, like the Israelites, she must. pass through a desert in order to become a nation?
o the instances to which reference can be made, so far as Europe is concerned, the ordeal has fallen upon ruder times, upon a less advanced stage of civilisation, and, in most respects, upon a different condition of national affairs than that which prevailed in America when she drifted into civil war. Much that we in England had to fight hard for, to win by the exercise of physical, as distinguished from moral, force, America possessed more than sufficiently when she went to war on a question of ascendancy between certain sections of her population. Each party is now fighting for an idea, which will be an idea so long as they continue to fight, but which, so far as the North is concerned, might become a reality by means of negotiations carried on in a wise and temperate spirit. Let it not be supposed that we speak in any offensive sense (we view this contest in all its bearings with too profound a sorrow knowingly to utter anything which could be construed into offence) if we venture to say that it is at last becoming doubtful whether slavery and its abolition and continuance, as the case may be, is now the motive influence in the struggle between the North and south. It is a struggle for victory and ascendancy on the one hand and for independence on the other. The elements of cohesion between North and South, always of the slightest, are now dispersed, dissipated, gone. Assuming a conquest by the North, a nominal reintegration of the Union as it stood two years ago, there would only be created a state of things to which the relative positions of Austria and Hungary afford a parallel. It is admitted by men in America who are strong advocates of that freedom of institution arid of person which has hitherto
- .11

AMERICA.

By the arrival of the steamers Anglo-Saxon and Great Eastern we

have news from New York to the 1st inst.

BELLIGERENT OPERATIONS.

General M'Clellan was no nearer to Richmond at last advices than he

was a week previous. On the 27th his forces captured Hanover Court

house, where the Confederates suffered a loss of 1000 men. The

Federal casualties were estimated at 370 killed, wounded, and missing. By the burning of a bridge across a creek on the line of the Richmond, Fredericksburg, and Potomac Railroad, communication is cut O

between Richmond and the army of General Jackson.

The Federal fleet of gun-boats still remains about fifteen miles

below Richmond.

General M'Dowell has crossed the Rappahannock, and advanced six miles beyond Fredericksburg, The Confederates retreated, destroying the bridges behind them.

¥ The most important event of the weak in Virginia is the retreat, reinforcement, and second advance of General Banks. After falling back upon Winchester, as previously reported, General Banks was attacked, at daybreak on the 25th nit,, by a corps-d'srmte of 15,00(1 men under Generals Ewell and Johnstone, his own force consisting of only 4000 men, to which number it had been reduced by reinforcing General M'Dowell. The Federals retreated through Msrtinsburg to Williamsburg, and crossed the Potomac at Willlamsport into Maryland. The Confederates kept up an active pursuit along the route. At Winchester the Federals were fired upon by the women armed with pistols. Complaints of the cruelties practised by the Confederates on the sick and wounded of the retreating force are renewed. General Banks admits his loss was large, but cannot state the exact amount. The loss of military stores, including fifty waggon-trains, is heavy.

 General Banks's command was immediately reinforced, and be

forthwith advanced again into Virginia. He re-entered Front Royal on the 30th and drove out the enemy, capturing many prisoners and much materiel. He advanced beyond Martinsburg the next day.

The Confederates evacuated Corinth on the 29th. They retreated to Grand Junction, and thence southward. They destroyed an immense amount of public and private property, stores, provisions, waggons, tents, &c. For miles out of the town the roads were filled with arms, baversacks, &c., thrown away by his fleeing troops. A large number, of prisoners and deserters were captured. General Halleck adds:

General Beauregard evidently distrusts his army or he would have defended so strong a position. His troops are generally much discouraged and demeraliaed. In all their ergagements for the last ifew days their reaiatanes has been alight.

The Federal fleet had captured Natcbez, on the Missisaippb No resistance was offered.

Little Rock, the capital of Arkansas, had been occupied by the Federals.

THE OCCUPIED TEPRITORY.

Nowhere is there any revival of Union sentiment worth speaking of. In New Orleans General Butler continues to govern with military rigour. Several papers had been suppressed. All women who insulted the Federal officers were to be imprisoned in the Calaboose as prostitutes. The circulation of Confederate notes was forbidden. Six persona had been condemned to be shot for violating their paroles General Butler, having seized 100,000 dollars at the Dutch Consulatesaid on the one hard to belong to Messrs. Hope Brothers, of Amsterdam, and on the other to a bank in Now Orleans-the foreign Consuls bad' unanimously protested against the act, General Butler stands by his seizure. Some British subjects charged with sending arms to Beauregard had been imprisoned. The British Consul had opened a correspondence with General Butler concerning their release. -

Troubles had broken out in Western Tennessee. Norfolk continued contumacious, although about 1500 citizens had taken the oath of allegiance. The garrison had fallen out with the negroes and lolled' several of them.

As the invading forces advance into Virginia they admit the residents become more bitterly hostile.

At Norfolk the Federal General Vicle, by special invitation of the officers, paid a visit to the British war-steamer Rinaldo. He wag. received with the honours of a salute and the manning of the yards. The American enaiga was displayed at the fore.

CONGRESS.

Mr. Dawes, in a speech in Congress, stated that the national debt at that moment amounted to 481,000,000 dol.

THE NORTHERN STATES.

The excitement caused by the retreat of General Banks, and thereal or supposed peril of Washington, was equal to that which ensue! on the fall of Fort Sumter. The President having called for 50,00(1' more volunteers, about 250,000 were forthwith offered. The aristocratic 7th Regiment of New York left the city for Washington at a few hours' notice numbering 800. Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, who had previously warned President Lincoln that Massachusetts could onlj furnish a few more troops unless the emancipation policy was puranee, changed his tone, and called on the people of his State to save the capital from "the wily and barbarous horde of traitors." In Baituliorq the Secessionists were maltreated by the Unionists.

Mr. Hamilton E, Towle, an American civil engineer, had libelled 1118 Greet Eastern for salvage. He was a passenger during her attempted voyage to New York in September, 1861. He claims that by mesas of his steering-apparatus the vessel was brought safely into port. fl

libeilant claims 100,000 dollars.

General Prim arrived in New York, on the 31st nit., in the Spanislt frigate Don Antonio Ulloa.

The tide of American tourists to Europe is again setting m witis

great strength. Every steamer that leaves New York or Boston ie

crowded with passengers.

CALIFORNIA.

Nine hundred passengers sailed from San Francisco for Oregon and

British Columbia in two steamers in the week ending the 26th nIt
The 1?edciicJbui'9 ETtz,miiwv of Maryland states that

fla o slaves worth 2500 dollars h been selling for 400 dollars.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

LONDON, 8ATtJ1DAY, JTNR 14, 1862.

Wa have elsewhere dealt with the later details of the great American struggle, and it will suffice to add here that a tentative demonstration is being made in France and ag1and with a view to an attempt at mediation. Of the feasibility of such a course, and of the wisdom which may or may not have been shown in the selection of an opportunity, results alone can enable us to speak with any certainty; for the singular temper of the American people, and their willingness to accept submissively from one nation what they would scornfully reject if tendered by another, are circumstances which defeat ordinary calculation of probabilities. The leading organs of the North have, however, of late altered their tone towards France; and
.the series of Federal successes has so exalted the minds of the ourna]ists and those whose feelings they represent that they now do not scruple to apprise the Emperor Napoleon that the vices which the Orleans Princes have rendered to the North may justify it in considering, in the event of his taking any line that is disrespectful to the Union, whether American arms may not properly be employed to restore the throne of Louis Philippe to the family that has done so much for the Federals in their time of trouble.

irw s,Bed unon tin IjudLy ofAm.,r1,r
The Great Eastern has jeed finished another successful voyage

from New York to Liverpool, at which port she arrived on Wednesday morning, after a detention of nine hours outside the bar for want of water. She left New York on the morning of the tat of June, and. so great was the desire of shippers to send their produce by this vessel that upwards of £1000 worth of freight was left behind. The big ship brings 500 passengers, 55,000 dole, in specie, and uowards of 6000 tons or cargo-consisting principally of wheat, corn, and provisions. While bring at New York the Great Eastern was opened for a few days for exhibition, and upwards of 3000 people daily visited the vessel. On the voyage to Liverpool the ship encountered very severe head. winds, yet so steady was her motion that the doctor had. a" clean bill of health" all the way.

A parallel case to that of the recapture of the Emily St. Pierre

is thus given in the London Journal, of June 9, 1752 :-" On the 10th of May

last the ship Gilbert, Otbniel Beale, master, from Boston, in New England, on his passage from South Carolina, for London, was taken in the English Channel by an Algerine of OS guns and 400 men, who toot out some of the said ship's cargo and all her men except the master, a mats, and a boy, and put on board the second captain of the aaid Algerthe andtbirteen men, in order to carry her as a prize to Algiers; upon whiob they made the best of their way for the coast of Barbary, leaving the privateer in the ChanneL They prosecuted their voyage for twelve days, when the master, by a stratagem, regained powession of his ship and brought her se!e to the filTer Tbnjne, with the said

fourteen Tnrks on board." -

The old charter of the State of Connecticut, in the United

States, granted by Charles II. two hitnitred. yeara ago, still hang, in the oBc

of the Secretary of State at Hartford, the capital of the abovt.eamed S,iate.
