killed. The losses of officers and -men Oil both sides must have been

1rjbthil if there be an approximation to the truth in the estimate which the Federals have given of their own-namely, from 8000 to 10,000 men killed or woUdd ¡ the 10th, making an aggregate of 40,000 soldiers, killed, wounded, or missing during the week's ,campaign.

By the City of Washington and the Belgian New

we have news fro York to the evening of the i 4th.

There was no fighting on the 11th inst. but at an early hour onthe

morning of Thursday, the 12±, General Hancock's corps, which had

iiirtea its position in the Federal lure during the night, vigorously attacked the right of the Confederate army, partly turned its flank, carried a line of rifle-pits, and captured 3000 or 4000 prisoners, in*luding two Generals, and twenty-five or thirty guns some of which bowever, are said to have been afterwards abandone!1 or recaptured. A furious battle ensued along the whole front, and lasted until

ightfall; but General Grant made no further impression on General

lee's line, the Confederates retaining their positions before Spoltsylvania Courthouse. During the night General Lee withdrew his forms across the River PO, leaving a line of skirmishers in front of general Grant, who, on the morning of the 13th inst., pushed forward two divisions to ascertain whether his adversary had retreated.

At the date of the latest New York advices it was supposed that

General Lee had occupied, or intended to occupy, a strong position on the North and South Anna Riven. The Federal cavalry had destroyed several miles of railway in his rear on the 9th or 10th inst. There is a report that Siegel has cut the Virginia Central Railway between Charlottesville and Lynchburg, and another report that he has been attacked and defeated by the Confederates under Brackenridge. General Grant, to whom the Federal Cabinet was sending reinforcements, was represented to be continuing his advance in pursuit of the Confederates with as much speed as was permitted by the state of the roads, which had been rendered difficult by a heavy fall of rain during the battle 'of the 12± inst. No esliniate was given of the numbers of slain and wounded during the 12th inst.; but we are told that the slaughter was awful, the men on both sides falling like grain.

 Accounts from other scenes of action are interesting, but for the

most part so incomplete, and so far dwarfed by the absorbing intorest of the central contest, as not to invite comment. General Butler had pushed forward to some extent the auxiliary operations intrusted to him on the south bank of the James River, and claimed to have gained some successes. Nothing having been. heard from him for some days, a shade of misgiving was naturally beginning to fall over the hopes of those who believed him likely to render any important aid towards the common object of taking Richmond.

The campaign on the confines of Tennessee and Georgia had been

actively recommenced, with the result, as far as it is known, of

leading to the discovery that the Confederate position at Resaca was

too strong to be attacked. Forrest, who massacred the negroes at Port Pillow, has been defeated at Bolivar, Tennessee, and driven into Mississippi.

From Louisiana the news is more and more disastrous for the Paderals. General Banks's retreat from Alexandria by the Red River was cut off by Confederate batteries, and the unfortunate Gener.l was endeavouring to reach Brashear City. A fleet of steamers, with supplies and reinforcements for him, had been sunk or captured; and Admiral Porter's gun-boats above the falls of the Red River were stranded by a diversion of the waters, and were sure to fall into the bands of the Confederates.

The Governor of Kentucky has issued a call for 10,000 troops, to serve for six mouths, to come to the rescue of the country, finish the war and save the Government.

The House of Representatives has adopted a resolution to drop

from the army-rolls all unemployed General officers, including

Generals M'Clellan and Fremont. It has also passed the bill giving

to soldiers and sailors, both white and coloured, homesteads from confiscated Confederate estates.

Major-General M'Dowell has been appointed to the command of Ihe military department of the Pacific, and was to leave for California immediately. This step was supposed to have been taken in view of the possibility of a rupture with France on the Mexican question.

The latest quotation of gold at New York on the 14th inst. was

72 per cent premium.

The Richmond Examiner of the 2nd reports the death, occasioned

by a fall, of Joseph B. Davis, aged four years, second son of the Confederate President.
PABLIAMSINT having now enjoyed the last of the legitimate

holidays conventionally allowed to it, must delight the triple

mind of its most eloquent member by seeing only three courses or take ref ue in counts

out'.  debate.

out.

..4.., .1 .. c....

But as regards the three courses which we have indicated,

it is very doubtful which the House of Commons will choose. The Lords will have a good debate or two, but can do little legialatorial work unless it please the other House to supply the material to work upon. The Commons have the matter in their own hands. Up to the present time they have shown no very strong inclination to injure their health by late hours at Westminster, though we are unaware that society, which keeps even later than Parliamentary hours, has been deprived of the advantage and ornament to be derived from the presence of an able-bodied Legislature. We perceive that a judicious excuse for the brief sittings and the frequent countsout is being insinuated with much friendly dexterity. It is stated that we all feel so disturbed by the tdrrible scenes which are enacting in America that it is impossible for the deliberative body to do its duty. Now, we own. that if the business of the journalist were only to provide ideas which the historian might, sometime later, put into graceful and didactic form, this statement would be a valuable contribution to his pages. It will be edifying to read, as our grandchildren will, read, that "towards the middle of the reign of the good Queen Victoria, a fearful civil war broke out in the United States, and that the fratricidal contest was marked by such appalling features that they spread agitation among all classes in Great Britain; and that even the legislature, usually as calm as the Roman senators when the Gauls stormed the Eternal City, was compelled to suspend its duties until such horrors should be terminated." The sentence will be effective for the general reader, and useful as an exercise in dictation at female seminaries, But we who live in the times-which are to be thus credited with sentiment; are unfortunately aware that nothing of the kind is the ease. We have seen times o war, when the Legislature and the public were alike deeply agitated, when the necessary duties of the former were performed with rapidity and with gravity, and when the public and private pleasures of the latter were discontinued, to the honour of all. These were the days when. the flower of our youth and manhood was being wasted in a glorious but ill-conducted war, and when we were hearing how a bad system was wounding us far worse than the Russian. sword could do. At that time such an excuse was indeed valid. Bat now, it would be cant to say that the public mind of London is much more impressed by the American war than the public mind of New York. We write deliberately, for
we do approach a terrible subject with becoming reree

whereas the American press appears to take a pti

ranuting that fashion and pleasure cease none of their czcsssea,

en though the cannon can almost be heard in

and. the very last of the file of papers that hare read

us contains a few flippant leading paragraphs on the war, aa

in equally large type, a long and elaborate article upon the

management of the Opera-home. At least, we write aatuy t the carnage among those who are our kinsmen and who speak our language. But to say that the American war is thstuthin us, and making it impossible for the Legislature to do its day* is one of those fictions that would be pleasant if p1eamr had a right to mix itself up with such a topic.
THE CONFEDERATE ST5ArER GEORGIA.

We engrave, from a drawing by Mr. Frank Wilson, of Birkenhead, the steamer Georgia, in the naval service of the Confederate States of America, now lying in the Great Float at Birkenhead. This is the vessel which formed the subject of a debate in the Rouse of Commons on Friday, the 18th inst., when Mr. Thomas Baring contended that the British ports ought to be shut against her, because she had been originally equipped and sent forth from a British port in violation of the laws of this neutral State. It appears that the Georgia, which was formerly called the Japan, was built a year or two since at Dumbarton, on the Clyde. She was equipped by a Liverpool firm. fler crew was shipped by the same Liverpool firm for Shanghai, and sent ipund to Greenock by steamer. She was entered, on. the 81st of March, 1863, as for Point de Galle and Hong-Kong, with a crew of forty-eight men. She left her anchorage on the morning of the 2nd of April in that year, ostensibly to try her engines, but did not return. She had no armament on leaving Greenock, but a few days after her departure a small steamer called the Allar, freighted with guns, shot, and shell, and having on board a partner of the Liverpool firm who had equipped her and shipped her crew, left Newhaven and met the Georgia o the coast of France, near Ushsnt. The cargo of the Allar was successfully transferred to the Georgia on the 8th or 9th of April; her crew consisted of British subjects. The Georgia was registered as the property of a Liverpool merchant, a partner of the firm which shipped the crew, and she remained the property of this gentleman until the 23rd of June, when the register was cancelled, he notifying to the collector her sale to foreign owners. From the very first, however, the Georgia has been carrying on war against the United States, cruising in the Atlantic and burning a number of vessels. Her crew have now been paid o

in. Liverpool without any conceal

ment, and the vessel is now laid up.
A. correspondence between Lord R. Cecil and Mr. T. BarIq has been published, in consequence of the former having in a

¥ speech in Parliament accused the firm of Baring with basin ViOW

¥ neutrality in favour of the ederals, whilst its representative es brlngi*

¥ charges in the House of Commons against the builders of the Georts for

¥ doing the same by the Confederates. Lord Robert, in repi which reference is made to munitions of war as well as

¥ to the imaeA

for an explanation, referred Mr. Baring to the Queens

¥ ships " Wag ow traband. Mr. Baring rejoins that all the firm has done has been done as backers honouring draughts for money transmitted to them but

¥ building of the Georgia was clandestine. To this Lord Retort replisS th Federal spies compelled secresy, and the Confederates, net being rpeS in this country, could not even remonstrate.
The narrative of the slaughter of the Federal troops in Grant's last

advance has driven some leader writers into hysterics. Never was

such slaughter, they cry; we cannot match it in the battles of the old world. Indeed I can we not? In five days the Federals have, it appears, lost 40,000 men killed, wounded, and skedaddied; this is about 8000 a day, a dreadful number certainly. But at Waterloo the total loss of the allied army in killed, wounded, and missing was 22,976 in one day; at Crecy we slew 30,000 of the French private men and nearly 8000 nobles and knights in one day, and took three crowned kings prisoners; and at Blenheim Marlborough slew 27,000 allies and took 13,000 prisoners; thus in actual loss to his enemy ,equalling the fight of- five days in America. It is just as well to recall these facts, for some people are inflated even by the magnitude of their misfortunes just as a bankrupt rejoices when he breaks for forty thousand, and looks down with contempt upon. the struggling wretch who stops payment just for the want of a few hundreds.
G!N1tAL R. E. LEE, COMMANDEfl.-IN-CHIEF OF T1 i

ARMY OF THE CONPEDE11ATB SOUTHERN STATES.

THE Engraving on our front page is a faithful likeness of one of the greatest soldiers of this age. Three years' campaigns, in defence of his native State of Virginia-undertaken, doubtless, from motives of patriotism-have shown his consummate mastery of the art of war, which he had learned as an officer in the service of the formerly United States. General Lee has proved himself to possess, in high perfection, that peculiar combination of moral and intellectual qualities which fits a man for military command. Since the fighting dave of Wellington and Napoleon there has been no more signal example of ability for the direction and control of a large army, whether scat red over a wide extent of territory or massed together with a view to bear upon a single point. Even his opponents, who would not have deemed it creditable to themselves to underrate the genius which has so long held them in check on the road from Washington to Richmond, have owned his superiority to all the saccossive generals of the Federal army. The biography of this eminent man will be written when his figure shall have emerged from the bewildering conflict of the civil war. His personal and professional merits will then be justly appreciated. In the meantime, we have only to note a few of the dates in his career.

 Robert Edmund Lee was born, in 1808, of am old English family which had been settled in Virginia for many generations bsfore the American colonies separated themselves from their allegiance to Great Britain. He is a gentleman by birth, breeding, and social Bosition. Re is a large landed proprietor; being the owner of Wbitehouees, an estate formerly belonging to Washington, which is situated upon Arlington Heights, on the Virginia shore of the Potomac, overlooking the city of Washington, which takes its naino from that hero. Lee was regularly educated for the profession of arms in the United States Military Academy at West Point. Es servl with the Engineer Corps in the Mexican campaign. At the battle of Chapultepec he was severely wounded, and was twice promoted for conspicuous gallantry during that war; though it was considered that neither Lee nor Beauregard, who also ¡behavcd with great distinction in Maxico, obtaine as much notice as they deserved in the despatches of General Scott. In 1852 Major Lee was appointed Superintendent of the Military Academy; but three years after verde he was sent to Europe in company with MCClellan, then a Captain, as American military commissioners to study the proceedings of the French and English armies in the siege of Sebastopol. Oa ti-At occasion Lee was advanced to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel of the 2nd Regiment of Cavalry, and this was his position at the beginning of 1861, when the war of secession broke out. Re was at San Antonio, in Texas, commanding his own regiment, when he heard that the State of Virginia, which he regards as his proper country, had withdrawn from the Federal Union, and that the Northern States were going to make war upon the South, to force them to return to ther allegiance. Colonel Lee felt it was his duty, under these circumstances, to be a soldier of Virginia, said no longer a servant of the Federal Government, in which Virginia had now no part. He raised a small body of militia in his own neighbo'arhood to occupy Arlington heights, but was ordered by the Confederate Government to fall back on Fairfax Courthouse, while Beauregard was preparing to meet the first onsot of the enemy at Manaseas and Bull Run.

 President JeffersonDavis, however, soon discerned in Lee the man whom this emergency required, and called him to a higher post. He was appointed General and Commander of the Forces in Virginia; and, takinc' up the remnant of Garnett's corps, which had been shattered by lr1Clel1an at Rich Mountain, he soon cleared the north-west counties of the enemy's presence. Alter performing this service he took charge of the 'dinestry of War at Richmond, and applied himself to the immense preparations that were necessary for the

Paigil of 1862. In planning that campaign it was General

Lee's opinion, contrary to the judgment of Beaurejard, that the best lines for the defences of Richmond were-firstly, that of the Rappahannook; and, secondly, that of the Rapidan; whereas Beauregard would have drawn them farther north, at Manassas Gap and Bull Run. That General Lee was in the right has been proved by the campaigns of 1863 and 1861. The strip of country between the Rapidan and Richmond, being hilly and thickly wooded, gave him peculiar facilities for constructing those fortified positions on which his skill as a military engineer, in the intervals of active campaigning has been constantly employed. It wllbaremsinbared that General k'CleUan, his worthy antagonist in 1862, was so convinced of the impregnability of these lines, guarding the dirort road by Fredericksburg to the Confederate capital, that besought to turn them by transporting his army down (ihesaoeake Bay to the Peninsula below Richmond, and landing on the banks of the James River. But the Federal army, wasted by a series of fiercelyfought battles and by the diseases of an unhealtiy climate at midsummer, was compelled to abandon the prize which then seemed almost within its green. It was a that period, when General Joseph Johnston was disabled in the battle of Seven Pines, that Genera Lee succeeded to the supreme command
of the Confederate armies in the field. Promptly taking ad yan of the weak position of M'CIeUan who lay too loosely on both ba ~of the Chicaahoniiny, separated from M'Dowell and his o supports, Lee sallied out of Richmond and attacked him with SWA pertinacious energy that, in seven days' continuous fighting, t Federals were driven to their ships. The subsequent moremn j, the Upper Potomac and the whole campaign of 1863 were condnj on a very different principle. So long as General Lee stood on t defensive in the neighbourhood of Fredericksburg he could secure hi chosen line of the Rappahannock against all the attempts of Bti and Hooker to make their way south. But whea, having des Hooker at Ohancelloravifle, he ventured beyond the dnfen Virginia, and invaded the territory of Maryland, necessarily losing much time by a circuitous road to i'he west, General Lee was not so successful. The checks which General M'Clellan at Antietan Creek, and General Meade at Ge9aburg, administered to the (Jonfr. army had more effect, probably, than any other incidents of this war in defining the relative capabilities of the two hostile forces. It see,ej to be as difficult for the South to approach Baltimore and Washington as for the North to conquer Richmond. The remainder of last yeawas chiefly emdoyed by General Lee in controlling and suecon the army of .j.ennesSee; while taking measures, no doubt, for a. renewal of the contest in Virginia, which we have j nab seen recinenced with so much greater fury.

 The stirring news of this day will afford the best commentary upon the plans and exploits of General Lee in the service of the (Jonfp. States, of which he is the ablest and most accomplished defenderthough Stonewall Jackson, Longatreet, and Joseph Johnston ma have equalled, or even excelled, him in some particular quilitles of the soldier. General Lee is still in the prime and vigou.r of manhood. He is six feet in height, erect, well formed, and of imposing appearance, has clear, bright, benignant black eyes, dark grey hair, and a heavy grey beard. He is exceedingly plain in his dress, and yea look at his costume in vain for the insignia of rank. He wears an unassuming black felt hat, with a narrow strip of gold lace around it, and a plain Brigadier's coat with three stars on the collar, but without the usual braiding on the sleeves. He travels and sleeps in an ambe. lance when the army is in motion, and occupies a tent when it is stationary, and not the largest and best house in the neighbourhood, as is the custom of some officers. He cares but little for aDpearancea, and is content to take the same fare his soldiers receive, in characte and personal deportment he is ardent, grave, and dignified, yet modest and even distrustful of his own abilities. The descendant of a gallant officer of the elder revolution, the husband of the grand-daughter (by adoption) of General Washington, the inheritor of a large estate, and the trusted leader of a great and victorious army, he is nevertheless accessible to the humblest and most rugged soldier in the ranks, courteous to his officers, just and kind to all. During the time the array was in Maryland, an officer of high position suggested a numb of reasons to General Lee in support of a grave measure then under discussion. Among others, he remarked to him that he was trusted by his Government, had the hearts of his soldiers, and possessed the entire confidence of his country, and that they relied implicitly upon his patriotism and genius. Tears rushed to his eTes, and be exclaimed, "Do not say that-do not say that, I am sens:ble of my weakness, and such a responsibility as your remark implies would crush me to the earth." He said, in the same conversation, that there 'was nothing he so much desired as peace and independence. AU he had, and all he hoped for-all that ambition could suggest or glory give-he would freely surrender to stop the flow' of blood and secure freedom to the country. He did not doubt that these blessings would come in due season; but he wanted them now, and

would readily sacrifice every thon,ht of personal aggrandisement to.

save the life of even one soldier.

The admirable photograph from which our Engraving has been made is one taken by Messrs. Min.nis and Co well, of Richmond, which beam the stamp of its legal registration in 1863, "in the District Court of the Confederate States for the Eastern District of Virginia."
AhiRICA.

We have information from New York to the afternoon of the 21st nit. Preceding accounts informed us that on the morning of the lath General Lee had retreated from the scene of battle of the 12th as

pottaylvania, and that General Grautwas inhot pursuit. This report we were enabled to contradict in a portion of our Imprsjon laat week. Lee still holds a strong position north of the Spottaylvania Courthouse, and the two armies are confronting each other. No

ghtIng occurred for several days after the 12th, in consequence, it is sited, of heavy rains. An impression has gained ground that Grant's Issass were greater, and the condition of his array less favourable, than was previously supposed. Secretary Stanton announced on the morning of the 18th ult. that, according to General Grant's latest reports, the condition of the roads had improved, and that the Federal Commander-in-Chief, who was receiving large reinforcements, designed moving against the enemy without delay. Facts bore oat this ertion, for at daybreak on Wednesday, the 18th, Grant again assuccessfn]ly assaulted Lee's centre and left. After a desperate eotf.lct, lasting throughout the forenoon, the Federals were forced to retreat, with loss of 1200 killed and wounded. An attack by Lee is stated to have been subsequently made upon Grant's front, and repulsed. On Thursday evening, the 10th, Ewdll gained Grant's rear and attempted the capture of the Federal supply-trains. After an hcfs fighting, in which the Federals lost upwards of 1000 men, the Cunfederates returned to their intrenchments, leaving 300 prisoners in the bands of the Federals. General Lee has, it is said, been reinforced from North Carolina and Mississippi.

 Reverses have befallen the Federal corps operating against Lee's left flank and rear. Butler has been attacked at Drury's Bluff in front and rear, and compelled to retire within his lines. The Confederates Captured General Hickman, with nearly his whole brigade and eight or taxi cannon, and drove the whole Federal force to their intrenchmeats at Bermuda. The Federal loss in killed and wounded is admitted to be 2500. General Ransom commanded the Confederates. General Beauregard is in General Butler's immediate front, preparing to assault his intrenchmenta. Siegel has been defeated at Newmarket and forced to retreat across the Shenandoah with the loss of five guns and 650 men. General Sheridan's cavalry has, however, mixed round Lee's rear, and joined Butler on the Peninsula. He destroyed the railroad at Beaver Darn, Ashland, and had a sbar engagement with General Stuart. He marched between the neat and second lines of the Richmond defences, but, finding them too strong for assault, retreated across the Chickahonuny to Bottom's Bridge. Richmond papers announce that General J, B. B. Stuart has been kiUed and that Lou "street's "and is not mortal. According to Southern accounts the arnage done to Lee's bras of communication had been repaired.

The capture of Dalton by Sherman is confirmed, and the retreat of

Jbgo Two hard days' fighting had taken place in that quarter.

Jehiuton continues to draw Sherman away from b,is base. Official

de!patthca from the latter, on the 19th, announce his arrival at

Kingston, seventy miles south of Chattanooga, and that he was still advancrug and Johnston retiring.

Banks had been compelled to fight his way overland to the

Mississippi.

A severe engagement is progressing at Charleston between, the

ederaI ironclada and the Confederate batteries. Port, Putnam is

hcml*cding Sumter.

Cmifederate despatches report that a Confederate ram has sunk a

redersi gm-boat off Newborn.

A fotged proclamation, bearing Mr. Linooln's signature, calling out

4C0,000 men and declaring Grants campaign at an ead, wm.Wnd at New Yctk on the 15th, and caused great temporary excitement. Mr. Howard, of the Brooklyn Daily Ea,qle, has been arrested as the author Of the his and sent to Fort Lafayette. Re has confraed km guilt arid implicated others, The &oveninent has sup

peessed the Wo,4d and Joumai oj Commerce for having published the

¡UOfl. Both printing-offices are in possession of the military.

The Secretary of the War Department says that it is the lutenton

the Govemm to maintain the national form until the rebellion

Overthrown, and to provide against inopportune reduction when the

fttM of the hundred days' men expirs. A draught to AU their

all other reductions 'will be oidered on July 1.

he GOvernor of Maryland has called for twenty-three volunteer itl)Zents for a bun dregl days at President Lincoln's request, The 0Ovfzaor of Jersey has called for all the infantry militia that can be - in fifteen days for one hundred days' service.

Oathe2lstult.gold 'wuatsspremium iflNewyoek. -
THE BTEAao.RAHS.-The ATTOR T-(*E&HR.th, in reply co a series a egtlons relative to the arrangelnent in the case of tihe Mery steam-rams aye an acounb of the negotiations which resulted in the purchase of th wo vessels. The purchase money is 1220,000, or OOOO below the sum a rat demanded, by the person represented to be the owner of the rareL Th on. and learned gentleman contended that on the part of the (ovorntnen here had been no condonation of a violation of the law; and he did not con ider that the arrangement in this case wosid lead shipbuilders to construe eseoIs of the class Si El Poussaln. and El Moneetir on the speculation thut th lovernment would buy the ships. He added that, under present circain tances, her Majesty's Ministers did not deem it necessary to propose a jfndnlant to the Foreign Enlistment Act.

an reply to MI. stoogi Inson, Lord C. Paget said he should have to lntIQduc

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-WEDNESDAY.

TILE STEAM-rtAllS.-The ATTORNEY- GENERAL, in answer to a question, stated that the Government had had no communication whatever with gesses. Laird respecting the purchase of the Mersey steam-rams. M. Brayay, who represented himself to be the owner of the vessels, was the person with whose correspondence bad been carried on.
'JThe 2V

OsyO that l1a ro Ttiieg records the death of Dr. Gesner, and

d1HCoe?y most suoceasu1 effort in ptaoctoa cieinistry was

uction of kerosene oil, n1 oU& distilled from a Into .Ainerj.
Captain Pentreath, of the bsxque Jesey, of Bristol, has been presented by the Local Marine Board with a valuable gold chronometer watch, bearing a suitable inscription, and chain, which had been received for him by Earl Russell, from the President of the United States. The testimonial. was in recognition ot.Oaptaln Pentreath' services rendered to the captain and crew o the American ship Obaron, when that vessel was wrecked off Cape acm, on Peb. iS, lidS. The captain, three omoers, and fourteen of the crew were saved ra l taken oars of for fifty days by Captain Pentreath.

We have a new word and a new meaning to a word to add to our

Dictionary-the new edition of Todd's Johnson, by Dr. ath

)y-the-way, is far from perfect-and these are Miscegenation and

"gave," used for our phrase "look on." The first, from

America, means something more than amalgamation, ,u& W5S

wanted; it is from saucers and genus, and signifies the northom

idea of blending all the five, seven, three, or thirteen races

mankind into one. We are, in fact, to get rid of the colours, black, red, and yellow, by mixing them; so that we shall be all one neutral tint, and shall not be able to sell black slaves

more. A brilliant id this, is it not? There is abriiliarit New 'Yo

pamphlet, too, about it which would make an Englishman blufili.

Mr. Dickens uses the second; his houses in his last number (wh&om he has very feebly resuscitated the literary dustman of our baDYh0' wife and all, who "lounges on the sofy" as in the song) tW'XCO "gave" themselves to the street. Did they? Had they not better give themselves back again? Everybody knows the French idiom, but French is not English, and our mutual attachment imot

allow a mutual friend to do that which a Roman Emperor oUCO

failed to do-i.e. coin a word unless indeed it is wanted, ,,
It is said that the Confederates captured at Mauslieid two

waggone loaded with paper collars, and that General Dick Taylor returned the

eouars through a flag of truce, with a letter to General Banks, in which be

aid, "I have boiled, baked, and stewed these things, and can do nothing with them. We cannot eat them. They are a luxury for which we have no use, and I would like, therefore, to exchange them for a like quantity of hard tack,"

-

The ewYork rld announces that Mr. 0 F Ran t already famous explorer of the Arctic region, has announced his Intention of

starting upon another exjjtjon about the middle of this month. He will

sail drab for King Wllliam¥¿ naiad, by way of Bhdn's Straits and Bay, on a whaler, the Monticeijo Captain Chapel, of New London, and he will be accom. panted by the RequIm who are Mr. Hall's companions here. The party will make their first Winter quarters at Repulse Bay, the extreme north-west of Hudson's Bay. Early in the year 1885 they will mnke a land jomney by dogs and sledges to BOothia and King William's Land.

OIoitn APPO 2MEsrS.-The Queen has appointed the

Eon. William jugs cln Barrington, Attache to her Majety'5 Embassy at Vienna, to be a Third Secretary in her Majesty's Diplomatic Service; the Hon. Richard EdWdes, Secretary to her Majesty a Legation at Madrid, to be her Majesty's Charge d'AaireS id Consul-Gsrai to the Republic of

Venezuela;- Denj Donohee, Ssq., British 0011u1 at Buffalo, to be her Majesty's Consul at New Orleans; Thomas eliowes Reads, Seq., British consul at Tangier, tfl be her Majesty's Conol at Claim; oraoo Philips White, llsq., British Vice-Consul in Cyprus, to be her Majsty'a Consul at Tangier; Domjnj0 Bills oojnagllI, Bsq., British Consul at Corsica, to be ber Majesty's Consul in Oypras; Edward Smallwood 1?q., to be her Majesty's Consul in Corsica; an James phrab, Esq., Bztjlt Vice Consul at Mostar, to

be her Majesty's Vice- Conqnl at D5('thDJlSk,
AMERICA.

The chief interest of the war still centres in Virginia. We have intelligence from Lee and Grant to the 26th nit. There has been no general engagement since our last report, but the position has shifted about twelve miles southward. This much we can perceive through telegraphic haziness, but the reasons for the movement are not so clear. According to one view, General Grant, finding hard fighting of no avail to chive back his opponent, strove to turn his flank. He pushed for ward his left, under Hancock, in a south-easterly direction to Bowlinggreen, attempting thus to pass to the right, and get in the rear of the Confederate army. In this movement, however, he was at once followed by the Confederates, under Longetreeb and Ewell; and the whole body of the Confederate army, leaving Spottsylvania, retired southward, keeping pace with the Federal advance. Another view of the movements, however, is, that General Lee, in pursuance of a settled plan of drawing the Federals on and wasting their energies, purposely and deliberately retreated from SpottsyLvania, and that Grant's advance upon Bowling-green was a consequence, not the cause, of Lee's backward movement. Dazing these changes of position thhre was continual skirmishing, and the Federals claim to have taken 1000 prisoners. Despatches from General Grant up to the morning of May 26 state "that his movement was progressing, and the result would be manifest in twenty-four hours." General Lee's position covers Sexton's Junction, his right resting on Little Swamp, and his left on Little River. The Federals have abandoned their depOt at Fredericksburg and Acquia Creek, and have established notherneaxer to General Grant. Sexton's Junction is about twenty-five miles from Richmond; and, to give a notion of the importance of the post to Lee, it is only necessary to state that a railway from the north and one from the west intersect at this point, running hence in nearly parallel lines to Richmond. It was rnniourecl in New York on the 28th-such rumours, however, are of little worth-that General Grant intended marching towards the peninsula, between the James and York rivers, to try M'Clellan's programme, or, possibly, to effect a junction with Butler. The rest of the news is soon told. Butler is besieged and. furiously assaulted in his intrenchmeuts; Banks has struggled back to New Orleans; and Sherman is advancing, but without being able to come up to his adversary in Georgia. The Confederate guerrilla leader Mosby had been enabled, in consequence of the withdrawal of the Federal outposts into Washington, to destroy all the bridges and blockhouses on the railway from Union. Mills to the Rapidan. The ironclad attack upon the forts in Charleston Harbour on the 15th nit, was without result.

The Confederate Congress had refused to consider resolutions proposing that an armistice of ninety days should be obtained, with a view to the conclusion of a peace.

The delegates to the Union State Conventions of New York, Ohio, and Illinois have unanimously resolved to re-nominate Mr. Lincoln at the Baltimore Convention.

From New York we learn that the district attorney is about to indict the Federal officers who seized the New York World and Journal of' Commerce; while the New York grand jury had indicted, on a charge of kidnapping, the officers who seized Colonel Arguelles with. a view to deliver him up to the Cuban authorities,

The price of gold had again risen in New York, the latest quotationbeing 88 per cent premium,
'The distinguished young American pianist Willie Papa hd

the honour of playing at Marlborough House on Monday evening, by the command of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.
AMERICA.

The Marquis of CrANnXC&IIDE moved that an humble address be presented'

to her Majesty for copies of extracts from any despatches from her Majesty's

Minister at Washington relating to the proceedings or report of the Select

Committee of the United States Congress on immigration, or to bills upon

the subject brought into Congress; and also for copies of extracts from

despatches or reports respecting the enlistment of Irish immigrants a

Boston and Portland in the month of March last, or to the enlistment

of any of her Majesty's Canadian subjects in the United States army.

The noble Marquis said that for the last two years the Federal Government

had displayed a deliberate intention of recruiting its army from foreigners,

and especially from the subjects of her Majesty. He complained that

while we had permitted the Federals to obtain arms and the munitions of war from this country without question, we had put the Foreiga Enlistment Act in force the moment the Confederates evinced a desire to, obtain ships of war from the same source. He was thlorme.i that at the present moment there was a regular diplt in this country for the enlistment of Germans for the service of the United States. He urged that, although such proceedings were not openly carried on, they were proceedings which the Foreign Enlistment Act was intended to prevent, and he thought stops should be taken by the Government to put the provisions of that Act into operation. He- wished the Government to make vigorous remonstrances, and if those remonstranoes were not attended to, than he should like to know if that would not be a case for war if ever there was one. While protesting against the proceedings resorted to on behalf of the Federals, he expressed a hope that such an alteration would soon take place in the position of the contending parties as would enable the European Powers to interpose with a prospect of putting an end to the terrible carnage now going on.

Lord BROUGHAM seconded the motion. He said the Federal Giveromant

were now inveigling poor Irish immigrants into the commission of a breach of our neutrality, which would subject them in this country to punishment as criminals. He reminded the House that in our war with America the loudest complaints were made by the colonists of the emplo7msnt of Hessian and other German troops in subduing them. He deeply deplored that his old friends in America, in whose cause he had sustained so much abuse in bygone sears, had allowed themselves to be drawn into so sanguinary and unchristian a war, and he sincerely hoped that peace would soon be restored.

Earl R'SSELL assented to the production of the papers moved for by the noble Marquis, but said bethought it would have been better to have waited until the papers were produced, in order to ascertain if his or Lord Lyons's conduct was open to censure. Lord Lyons had repeatedly remonstrated with the Federal Government, and he (Earl Russell) had done all in his power to second the remoustrsrtces of his noble friend. With regard to the sale of arms and munitions of 'war to the Northern States, there was no law' which prevented it, but all articles thus exported were liable to capture on the part of the Confederates. The fitting out of ships of war for a belligerent Power was upon a very different footing, and was a direct breach of the Foreign Enlistment Act. He denied that the Government were at all blamable for the steps which had taken place in Ireland for I uliioln the people of that country to emigrate to America. He believed that the Irish peasantry had been led away by their own credulity, and that they had, no one
itt far what had taken pt- bit tbewzet,ri. At the jbongbt it waa highly diacredkabie to the civil and military atherttte el Vetted Maui- G7ernment that they had not

I nily InTeet*'ai the r-oseet LIM

had been made to them by L. rd Lyrns. Ea nobb tr4

ciaariecu suggested that, if onr r atrarcee felled, th cee woe one for

war. Without gttg to that extent. be (Lord R1

*4t emit that the C was one Of that dam which dt.1 tttl7 lead

to war. and be sincerely regretted that, the United atatee Gmt. h*.l t attended to the rmonMrancee which had been made to them b he say'

0t,rntatlve. At the am. time. be believed that we hot quite ar r to c0Op*In of the conduct of the Confederatee *4 of the adarEo, lie

MM sre the House that the reprraentattona which bad already been 1bd

woeld be CcafliDUd, and be hoped they would be Miendet with 4ucw.

crt'rotely. the war In America Wee being conducted with s turj eat

with evcb a reckless expendIture of life and treasure on both aides amt all

taticrA or renetran appeared unavailing.

!rha rqclsOt CIJRXC%RDE said, It wee notorious that r ruitleg t,r the

theen 'tatee was constantly golrg on in Ireland, and yet our own (rrn.

meet bad the greatest difficulty in obtaining recrufte.

P,arb BurJ. observed that it the noble Marquis would soppli' him with

pool in cornboratloc of his ,aaertlon be would place the facts t the bout. 01 the Boene Secretary, In order that. he might prosecute the perils..

The motion was then agreed to.
