we 1idebted to Mr. Bateman Smith, one of the cabin peaers who escaped from the wreck of the Bohemian, for a ‡,teh of that eel upon the rocks near Portland Harbour, on

esst of Maine, U.S., where she got aground on the 22nd of

last mouth. The steamer, carrying nineteen cabin passengers

and 190 steerage, besides the mails and cargo, with a crew of

about one hundred men, left Lli'erpool on the 4th of February, end had been some days overdue at Portland when the met with this disaster. She was just rounding Cape Elizabeth, to enter the harbour from Cum Bay, when the struck upon a ledge called St. .Alden's

Rock, about three miles from land. It was about dght ociock in the even ing; the night was foggy, and the speed of the vessel was not more than two or two miles and a half an hour. It appears that the master, Captain Borland, had miue,i the distance of the Iiht 'visible on Cape Elizabeth. The 'veasd, ha'viig struck and passed orer
the rocks, found a large bole in her bottom, and began to fill rapidly. She was then turned towards the shore, with the intention of benching her; but, when she got very near the land, her engine fires were put out, and she sunk in four fathoms of water, in an almost upright position, as shown in the Engraving.

was about an hour and a quarter after she struck. The weather was mild and calm, arid there was no sea but the usual groundswril. The deck, after the ship had settled down, was a foot or two above water at low tide, and not more than an eighth of a mile from the shore. Most of the passengers, however, had already left the ship, the first boat taking eighty of them in one trip and seventy in the next trip all safe to land. The second boat was, unfortunately, swamped, and nineteen or twenty lives were thus lost, all Irish atcerage passengers, including five or six women and one or two children, The other boats, with the remainder of the pas. sengers, had no difficulty in getting to shore. Captain Borland, with some of the officers and crew, remained on board until next day, and managed to save the mails. By the verdict of the Coroner's jury, at the inquest held upon those diowned, it is declaisd that, "after the vessel struck, her officers arid men worked with energy and good judgment, rarely equalled and never surpassed, to avoid the loss of life." The citizens of Portland, aiil especially those dwelling near Cape Elizabeth, are much coin

mended for their humane efforts to relieve and provide for the desti-tute passengers and to help them to their destinations. There are still hopes of raising the vessel, which rests with her centre upon a iock, but with her bow and stern in deep water.
a pril-ate of the 2'th M-41 Rban of oJem" to emet, wok athta d bL

Amainum thu, the bty, si4 thea ntr to egi boLng ct h% -ftf. b- b- Wed by crt-t*rdi. 4 to be

di=mad Out of t:4 az*i sterwsrde r two Mm
b  AMERICA.

President Lincoln has presented General Grant with the commission of Lieutenant- General in presence of the whole Cabinet. Grant, after visiting the army of the Potomac, returned, with Meade, to Washington, and left immediately for the west. The New York World asserts that Grant has recommended the concentration of forces for the capture of Richmond.

Rumours of General Meade's removal from command are

current at Washington. It appears that Generals Sickles and

Doubleday assert that Meade issued an order for a retreat after the

first day's fight at Gettysburg. This, however, Meade denies point

blank in a letter to Reverdy Johnson, admitting, however, that he had arranged before the battle to take a safer position, and one where he could more advantageously accept battle. and dwelling with particular tenacity upon the point that that could not be a retreat which was to take place without a fight.

There is no news of importance from the army of the Potomac. A

reconnaissance on the 5th to Ely's Ford discovered very few Con

federates to the north of the Bapidan.

Suffolk, in Virginia, has been occupied by Butler's forces.

The Confederates continue to make demonstrations against Suffolk and Portsmouth, said have driven in the Federal cavalry and two coloured regicaerits,

General Sherman's return to Vickaburg is confirmed. He penetrated thirty-five miles beyond Meridian, destroying all railroads. His was is stated to have been only 500 men.

General Johnston w pressing the Federal lines in Tennessee. The

Federals have withdrawn from Tunnel Hill to Ringold. Longatreet's cavalry hold Bull's Gap, fifty.zi miles from Knoxvlle. His army is

at Green%ille.

The Federals occupy Morristown. forty-two miles from Knoxville.

The failure of Kilpetrick's cavalry raid on Richmond was core

1let U on the p~~  of Golonel Dalilgren, who was cut ofE and

131-cel papers were found informing the troops that their mission was to burn Richmond and release the Federal prisoners, and no to allow Jefferson Davis to escape. The Richmond pr is strongly incensed, ad urges that the severest treatment should be exercised towards the ioners of Kilpatnek's command. The Northern press declares that the orders said to have been found on Daltigren were forgeries.

Admiral Farragut has been bombarding Fort Powell, one of the defences of Mobile.

It is reported that 2(V Confederates are advancing from Texas towards Weazern Louisiana. Active dispositions are being made by the Federals to check this movement. The Federals are aIs, sendin' eeinfonxmcuta to bold Jackaonville onda, but hawi abaudone

further expeditions into the interior.

The N#ss York Tr6wse's correspondent reports that the blocirnietunmng at Charleston has been resumed, two or three stainrrs enternrr weekly.

Charges and spedilications have been filed by Secretary Welles

against Admiral Wflkea for disobedience of orders in taking ani

ktcping the V&ndexbii far his flag-ship, when be knew that she wa.s
ordered on special service in South Oneida and Jnyler to Paringut; for insubordination ¡1 tb, the Vanderbilt to Lagnayra when he should have re Bhama enilsing for rebel privateers; for

UsWelles; for disobedience of the naval re gn iif * to publication of official communications kVMg a in ~tgz

c'py of the above letter, and urocm'inR It to be *

md conduct unbecoming an officer In refusing to ten e var LOW old he was.

The house of henresentatives has passed the bill

(base to anticipate the payment of inter on the not to sell gold.

The President bad signed the whisky bill. It imp , Sty cents oar gallon on all domesticmanufactured japing of t)ie Act, and forty cents on importo

A 1J ).II had been introduced in the House of

secure to persona in the military or naval acv'

ltafts homesteads on confiscated or forfeited districts. It proposes to give to all persons discharged therefrom by reason of wounds received or di ~tracted therein eighty acres or a lees quantity o lands, in conformity with the provisions of the H bill was ordered to'be printed.

In Cougrees Senator Pomeroy has advocated the Chase for pitaideiitah nomination, stating his phtimsof

ation, confiscation, and the maintenance of

Secretary Chase has 'written a letter urging that his

not be censidered in connection with the  at" *AQ

Yrcm out's friends are more active in a 'gj ewrn, IM

presidency.

The Republican ticket has been elected by a large wajeeiy

Hampshire. The majority in New York have 'roö In favour

soldiers and sailors to vote. parsaitting

The Republicans have carried their eleeti< in New Haivpahj,

re-electing the present Governor, Joseph A. e shout  Gi1niore

A severe earthquake was experienced at San Pranchc morning of the 5th lust.

The gold diggings in Colorada and Idato territories

be very rich, and bid fax to outrival California. In both tftU60

an immense amount of gold has accumulated in the Ii

and others, but the insecurity of con nun ication with tise ,

prevents its shipment. A greet deal Is, however, sew. vi City to California. he Southern Confederacy has dispatched an purpose of negotiating a treaty of mutual $mitv and rewgWga with the new Mexican empire.

It is stated that some ladies in the Southern Confeder

in their plate to the Treasury as a free offering to relieve the pressure on the currency

The Confederates have captured two Pederj Chesapeake Day,

Time Bohemian has broken up, and is a total loss.

The City of New York, Nova otian, and Bavaria hse out.

The Judge of the Court of Appeal, at St. JoIj, has dv judgment releasing the Chesapeake pirates.

The steamer Donegal has arrived at Haramnish with ld) ba cotton.

INDIA.
AT this period of 11e year, when, after befitting attention to

the zno4t errious of all concerns, the mind of our people turns upon social and lawful enjoyment, it is impossible not to think (with deep regret for those who are differently engaged) upon the unhappy condition of our American brethren. A few words in explanation of the present state of the wax may not be map. propriate, now that the wax itself appears to have reached a point of teuipcxary stoppage.

The new cmnpsgr1 opened with a series of boldly-conceived

but badly-executed movements on the part of the Federals. General ernian set out from Vicksbixrg for a rush eastward, and Admiral P'arragut made an assault of some kind at the ~entrance of the bay of Mobile, in the extreine south, Lorderto distract the attention of the Confederates. Both efforts appear to have signally failed. The sea attack was useless, and has given new courage to the $onth; and Sherman, who certainty r ith great courage into a terrible danger, was not

secoudtd by the assistance on which he seems to have relied. Had be cceeded, a most important gala would have accrued to the krals, by the acquisition of a large portion of Alabsmra aid of Georgia, with the Confederate arsenals and gores. A it :F, we are by no means informed how far Sherman proceced; bt L war anon met by the enemy, suffered at kwt twc fiat, ari retctcd tj Vickbnrg. Euuour said
that he had suffered most tremendous loss; but, except

that t1 a absence of authorised contradiction, usually so ready, gives us reason to believe that there may be foundation for such reports., we cannot form an opinion upon this part of the story. The Confederate cavalry had agaiit shown its vigour and the ability with which it is handled; and though, as one of our military writers said years ago, "more men are killed in an hour of musquctry than in a day of galloping and sabring," the carnage must, at some points, have been frightful. Moreover, the other attempt which was made against Lee has even more conspicuously failed, and the Federal force had to make its escape as best it might, leaving large numbers behind it, either killed or prisoners. Nothing, in fact, could well be more disastrous than the way the Federals have opened the wax this new year.

Such is the state of military affairs in America while we English are preparing for a. national holiday. The condition of political matters there affords also a great contrast to that of our own. We have had party fights; but no principle is at stake, and the confidence of the country is given generously and hilly to the veteran statesman at the bead of the Government--a man whom the bitterest enemies of the Cabinet do not venture to say they desire to displace. Our Parliament has done nothing since its meeting, for the best of all reasonsit has had little or nothing to do; and 11 it has occupied itself with wrangles it is because men axe impatient of idleness and will combat on trifles rather than sit silent. Were the honour of the country at stake, or were a domestic interest in question, we should speedily see patriotism take the place of petulance. But the northern part of America is simply given up to electioneering intrigue, and to all its treacheries and evil Influences. That unhappy' arrangement, by which it becomes impossible for the Americana to elect one of their beat and ablest men, and which compels them to fix upon some person for Chief Magistrate Whom chief merit is that nobody knows much about him, IsnOttobelaid to the Pute1ltL0flM a fault, though none will deny thatiil$amieft There is ntoneofthe reputed candidates for the presidency who, by any stretch of words, can be called afirst-ratemax'. But Americais evidently Iceging for a military dictator, one who will place a strong foot upon the miserable intrignera who make her success in peace or In war an Imposaibllily, and one who with a strond hand will force the revolted States into submission. The two favourite names are those of M'ClehIau and of Grant, and, though neither has met With disasters enough to disqualify him from popularity, neither has done anything to uaWy his being raised to the headship of a mighty country. It seems probable, however, that a military ruler maybe more easily obtained than a successful commander. Mr. Lincoln's friends are strong, and he has the advantage of posaceslon, and it may be fairly said that his chances are a present the best. But all presents a sorry prospect for our American brethren, and both North and South have the sincerest sympathies of all who are sincere in their observance of the season which is now passing.
AMERICA.

The President, by an official, order promulgated on the 1lUi n1, assigned Lieutenant-G encral Grant to the command of all the armies of the United States. General Halleck, who is, at his own request, relieved fJQrn duty as General-in-Chief, is assigned to duty m Washington as Chief of Army Staff. Major-General W. T. $horxhau is assigned to the command of the military division of the Mississippi, embracing the departments of the Ohio, the Omnberinnd, the Tennessee, and the Arkansas. Major General MPherson is assigned to the command of the department and army of the Tennessee. In relieving General Hafleck from duty as General-in-Chief, the President expresses his thanks and approbation "for the able and zealous manner in which the arduous and responsible duties of that position have been performed."

There seems to be a strong impression on both sides that General Grant is about to inaugurate a vigorous campaign in Virginia; and the Confederates are said to be concentrating an army of observation in North Carolina to watch the southern part of .Tames River, in which direction they anticipate the Northern legions will appear,

The Federals are concerting expeditions against bhreveport, Louisiana, and the transMississippi region,

General Sherman, who had gone to New Orleans to consult with General Banks, has arrived at Nashville to assume his new command. General Sherman was said to have done immense damao to (Jonfederate property in his late raid-to have destroyed 10 miles of railway, and to have brought 10,000 negroes with him to Vicksburg; but we are not told anything respecting the losses sustained by him.

Firing is still kept up against Charleston, but no more casualties are reported.

President Lincoln has called for 200,000 more men, to be raised by the 15th inst.

Both Houses of Congress have passed the bill authorising the sale of the surplus gold in the Treasury.

General M'Oleflan and General Fremont had both been nominated for the presidency by meetings held in New York.

Arkansas has elected an anti-slavery Legislature.

The Free-State Government has been publicly inaugurated at New Orleans with imposing ceremonies. The wife of General Beauregard has died in that city. At the funeral a great public demonslratiou of sympathy Was made.
President Davis, the Times' lew York correspondent telegraphs,

Las appointed the 8th inst. as a day of fasting and prayer.

A conspiracy has been discovered in Kentucky, having for its object

the annexation of that State to the Southern Confederacy.

The Federal Judge has decided that the English barque Saxon was illegally seized at Angra Pequena, on the South African coast; but we ha,e yet to learn the result of the inquiry into the homicide of her mate by one of the Vanderbilt's officers.

The steamer Mary Ann was captured by the Grand Gulf, off Wilmington, on the 6th nit. The sloop Two Brothers was captured on Feb. 25, off Indiana Inlet. On the 27th of February the sloop Mina was captured; on the 29th the schooner Rebel, and on the 4th nit. the schooner Lametta.

The Navy Department of the United States have advertised for tenders for raising the line-ofbattle ships Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Columbus, the frigates Cumberland, Congress, Merrimac, Rantaii, and Columbia, and the steamer Whitehall, which have been sunk during the conflict.

A treaty has been concluded between the United States and Great Britain for the sttlexnent of the claims of the Hudson's Bay and Pu get sound Agricultural Companies, under the Treaty of 1846.

TAnALT -
THE WINTER QUARTERS OF THE CONFEDERATE

ARMY ZN YIRGThTIA.

(From our Special Artist and CorrWndent.)

Iwo months ago I rode through the log and canvas city illustrated

the Engraving on the preceding page and as I left it I lingered for a few minutes to make a farewell sketci. There was much of sorrow in the feelings that governed me at that moment. I was looking, perhaps for the last time, on the camp that sheltered men who had been my companions for nearly two years. What thoughts crowded on me then-what a kaleidoscope of great events whirled through my recollection I Many a gallant deed and many a well-fought field that I had witnessed with my Southern friends were reviewed rapidly as I rose in my saddle and waved a trembling adieu. There curled the blue smoke from the tent of Robert E. Lee, whose hand I had just shaken, and whose friendship I am proud to own; there were the quarters of the gallant Stuart, whose guest I had been for the past few days, and whose hospitality in the field I had enjoyed for many months. Yes; every soldier of the army of Northern Virginia was a comrade; we had marched many weary miles together, and I had shared in some of their dangers. This brought me nearer to them than years of ordinary contact could have done; and now, as I looked on their camp for perhaps the last time, I realised painfully and forcibly the many friends who were lying there, some of whom would breathe their last in the first glad sunshine of coming spring. Not only did I survey the camp of the living, but around me, on every side as far as the eye could reach, lay spread the battle-fields of Virginia; and in many a distant clump of pine wood slept their last sleep those whom I had known in life. Requiescant in pace. Far away in the background, tipped with snow, towered the mountains of the Blue Ridge, every pass of which bears the imprint of the dead hero, Stonewall Jackson, and of the gallant men who fought with him in the valley of the Shenandoah that lies beyond. Through these passes were made some of those wonderful flank movements which for celerity and success have challenged the admiration of the world. There, within the eye's glance, lay a classic ground, crima*erl with deeds that will make history for the future. The camp which now looked so calm and peaceful in the clear winter's sunshine, with naught to disturb the quiet but the stroke of the pioneer's axe cutting fuel for the bivouac fire, would in a few short weeks be broken up. Across the Ilapidan, which flows beyond the nearer crest of hills, lay the enemy, only waiting probably the first

¥ approach of spring to renew the awful drama that has spread desolation over many a once smiling acre of Virginian soil. As I grasped the hands of my friends at leavetaking, they knew that the present lull was but the forerunner of a coming storm; every man amongst them spoke hopefully and confidently of the future, and here, dispassionately, will 1 assert that, whatever be the result of the approaching campaign, I am confident that General Lee and his veterans will have done their duty. And now, while bidding farewell to an array with which I have been associated for a lengthened period, let me take an opportunity of thanking all those officers and soldiers whose guest I have been during my sojourn in the Confederacy. From the Ilappahannock to the banks of Yazoo in Mississippi, from the Tennessee to the Atlantic seaboard, every detachment, every Southern command, has received me with unvarying courtesy and wholesouled hospitality; what they have had has been cheerfully shared with your correspondent. To procure me facilities great warriors and 11 medicine men" have not hesitated to inconvenience themselves where necessary, and if your readers have not benefited as they might have done by my experiences, it is the fault of a rigorous blockade which has intercepted much destined for your pages.

[Our Special Artist is now in London. He has brought several Illustrations, which will appear from time to time in this Journal.]
r rrwn rtrqr 1Lr

U14R. CZ XJa-ZAAA:;. IN XWCL TL&T -

f* y (Me Afl LIL y ‰M wbm an bM t i.

k* W" in am-AM d,niw b s*' fro=

y. th 4t t e1y thc . . c t to *4 'e

A74',40* b -Û$. z- rn IL, *t

- kr M

%d WON so= stwv ris f, r~tt d t

twas I _I?.

r. w e. v 7
Texan Sear. alias the Mnrt,ban, bound to Singapore with a rice cargo, was then lying in the position which our Engraving represents; her sails were dewed up, her anchor was down in about fifteen fathoms water, and the fire was breaking out at both ends. The crew having been removed, the Alabama cut the barqne's boat adrift and steamed away at full speed to the northwest until. midnight, when she was seen suddenly to alter her course towards Ittalacca, where it appears she lauded the captured crew. The Texan Star when last seen was one mass of flame fore and aft, her masts had

fallen by the board, and, while fast burning to the water's edge, she cast through the intense darkness of the night a brilliant gleam of light, at once a beacon to the navigator and a warning to all Federal ships in those waters.
AMERICA.

The Australasian, which arrived at Qneenstown last Saturday, brings New York advicea to the 23rd alt.

General lee is reported. to have broken, up his encampment on the Rapidan and to be moving on the Shenandoah Valley, and an early attack by the General on the army of the Potomac was apprehended.

General Stuart was concentrating his cavalry at Fredericksburg and Charlottesville preparatory to making a raid. But the military operations in Virginia were delayed by a terrific snowstorm.

The movements of General Longatreet at Bull's Gap rendered it doubtful whether he intended to enter Kentucky or to join Lee: the latter was considered most probable.

Porter's fleet and Sherman's forces had left Vicksburg for Red River.

The steamer Norman has been destroyed in Suwannee river.

President Lincoln has signed the Enabling Acts for Nevada, Colorado, and Nebraska, allowing them to form State constitutions and come into the Union.

The negro colonists who left the United States for Hayti have returned, unable to form a colony.

The decree of the United States District Court in the case of the Saxon not only orders the ship and cargo to be restored to the owners, but recommends that Lieutenant Donovan, who shot Mr. Grey, should

be tried by-court-martial fur the murder. The questions of com

pensation to the widow and to the owners of the vessel have been reserved.

l'W5 ( A 'DV (j' lvr Dfl1Th
LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The following ze]egrama have been rec'4ved through Mr. Rentals

cflce -

&uie&.-New York, Much 2 (Evening).-AdYke$ from

Cl erketc n to the 1th ir.M. state that the Confederates have mounted

six nd gum in caema on Fort Sumter, besrrng on the obann&

end they have completed another Ironclad in the harbour. Tim RcJi5ˆ hgni* **rLs that General Beinre,gartl has been *pponed to the coutmand of the army of the South Vv eat. General I). L thU rueeeeds General Iieaurvga*1 at Charleston.

March 24, 11 am.-it repoited that the Confederates are preparing

far a combined hiamlon of Kentucky from variona pointa.
an pa .

FEDERAL BIcL1STMENT IN IRunAED.-The Earl of DOzeoGIurOBE referred to the case of the men who had been received Into the United Slates ship of war the anage at Cork, and urged that the statement of the captain, that he did not know of their being in the vessel, was contrary to the depo-sitions of the men themselves.-Enrl RUSSELL said that he had called the

attention of the American Minister to this case, and be was informed by him

that instructions had been Issued by his Government to the effect that any

officer in their seivice who infringed the Foreign Enlistment Act should b

dlieeed. Mr. Adams had also offered to refer the case of the eareage to the Executive at Washington, but he (Earl Russell) was not of opinion that either the American Consul or the captain of the earaage was blamable in this matter.-The Earl of DERBY said that it was clearly proved that the men in question were examined, attested, and ci thed In the American uniform on board the Kearage; and It was, therefore, not possible that any of the officers of the ship could be unaware of the olrctunstence.-The Marquis of InanrameitnE objected to allowing the Xearssga to be repaired in one of her ldajeety'e dockyarda under the circumstances.

aaarovan o BRITISH CoEsuns UT THE CONFEDERATE STATES. -The

linrquis of CLAlUtXOAilE moved for correspondence relating to the removal if British Consuls from the Confederate States of America, urged the iucon eoience of there being no accredited agents of this country in those States, nd that it was quite possible to keep up the system of Consuls without reoog. thing the Southern States.-After some explanation by Earl RUSSELL the notion oz agreed to, and their lordships adjourned at a quarter to seven

']Mr.'Iayi in ar to Colonel Sykes, said that by a judgment of an tniertcan prize court, the ship Saxon was to be given up to the owner, free of II charges. He believed that Lteutennt Donoghue was to be tried for the

fling of the mate of the Saxon.

LOCAL TAXATION.
in neam-ship City of New York, one of the ships belonging to the

New York, and Philadelphia Steam-ship Company, usually

J Thman line, remains still fixed upon Daunt's Rock, at the

entrance of Cork or Queenstown harbour, where she struck on the morning of Tuesday week. The first of the two Engravings. Irons skctches taken expressly for this Journal, shows the position of the

ship last Sattusisy. when she prrcented no external aftp#'annee o injury; the tn-boats were alossgs4e nrorinr her cargo, and there was another large Iteamer, wkch Is seen on the right hno I of ott
View-the City o Glasgow, just arrived from New York, and about to enter the harbour. The unfortunate City of New York, having a hole of ten feet by three in her bottom, and being submerged by high tides above her upper (leeks. soon became full of water; and our second Engraving represents the midship dining saloon and berths in this condition, with beds, hampers, barrels, and furniture all floating about. We are glad to learn, however, that there is still a chance of saving this fine ship.
CAMP OF FEDERAL PRISONERS ON BELLE ISLE, RICHMOND, VIRGINIA.

Tin late raid of General Kilpatriok and Colonel Dahigren in the neighbourhood of Richmond, which resulted in a disastrous check and the death of Colonel Dahlgren, is still fresh in the minds of our readers. It will also be remembered that one of the prime objects of the expedition was to effect the release of the Federal prisoners now held in the capital of the Southern Confederacy. The Engraving which we publish this week shows the camp in which these Federal prisoners are confined. Our Special Artist and Correspondent gives the following description of his Sketch :-" For some time the cartel regulating the exchange of prisoners between the North and South has been in abeyance, the Federal and Confederate commissioners being at issue on a point of objection raised by the Lincoln Administration. The result of this misunderstanding has been a large increase of the captives on each side, and in Richmond especially the prisons are full to overflowing. In fact, those buildings originally set aside for the accommodation of prisoners of war in t

Confederate capital have been found insufficient for the purpose, and the authorities, to provide a remedy, have established a camp of dfitenus on Belle Isle. This is the largest of the numerous islands that intersect the channel of the James River, in the immediate neighbourhood Of Richmond, end is well adapted for the purpose to which it has been destined. A swift and turbulent current separates at from either shore, end bold, indeed, would be the swimmer who would usk himself amidst the eddies that hiss and boil on their way to the deeps below. Besides, its position allows of a cordon of sentries around its entire circumference, end these are within challenging distance of each other, making it next to impossible to pass through them unperceived. In addition to this, the camp occupied by the prisoners is intreached, and there is an inner line of guards pacing around its outskirts, with imperative orders to shoot the first man who attempts to cross the embankment. On a commending eminence close at hand is a detachment of artillerymen, with a shotted gun frowning on the tents beneath, and at the first sign of an outbreak the iron messengers of death would plough their way though the confused mass of insubordinates Again, on each bank of the river, are other guns, placed in a position to enfilade the island, and they are kept in readiness for any emergency that may arise. When I visited Belle Isle, at the latter end of Jknturry, there were more than 7000 prisoners in the camp, all of whom were rank and file from the Federal armies of Virginia and Tennessee The officers are confined in the "Libby," a large and well-ventilated building formerly used as a tobacco warehouse-since it has been found politic to separate the private soldier from his commissioned superior. At the time I mention, the Northern journals wore filled with accounts of barbarities practised by the Confederates upon those whom the fate of war had placed in their hands, and I was anxious to judge for myself of the correctness of these statements. Let your readers determine from my statement whether the charge of cruelty can he established :-The rations which I saw distributed to the prisoners were in every respect the same as those issued to the Southern soldier; possibly the former may get more fresh meat, and that, I apprehend, is scarcely a ground for objection. They certainly do not get such luxuries as coffee or sugar, but then the Confederates themselves are no better off with respect to these condiments, which, indeed, are only to be procured in the Southern States at such ruinous blockade prices as to prevent their finding their way into the commissariat of the Southern army. The doctor's report, on the day I visited the island, will also serve to indicate' hat the treatment to which the prisoners are subjected is not such as to affect their health. I am convinced your readers will be astounded when I tell them that, out of 71 000 of these craeQy-used captives, the sick-list only gave thirteen in hospital. Why, I have known, in one morning's report, as many as seventy-five or a hundred to be returned as unfit for duty out of a skeleton brigade of fifteen hundrd, in Bragg's army. After six months' confinement of these Federal prisoners at Belle Isle, there were only seventy-five graves to indicate the number of those who had died under the privations to which they are said to have been subjected! Any AdjutantGeneral of a division of 5000 men in Lee's army could show a very different bill of mortality from sickness end hardship embracing a corresponding period. I think that these statemeets should go a great way to disprove the charges made by the Northern press. The Northern journals have undoubtedly been misinformed in this particular, and it is only an act of justice on my part to dispel from your readers' minds any wrong impressions they may have formed an to the treatment which the Federal prisoners meet with at the hands of the Confederates. The point from which my sketch is taken affords a capital view of Richmond; and this must be my excuse for almost repeating a drawing of the city which appeared in your Journal many months ago. The bridge that crosses the river just below Belle Isle is known as the Petersburg Bridge, and it connects the Southern Railroad with the metropolis of the Southern Confederacy."
-  AMERICA.

The Arabia has brought n.s New York athices of the 2nd inst.

President Lincoln, on the 26th nit., issued a proclamation defining

and restricting his previous amnesty proclamation.

An order from the War Department has been promulgated b General Meade, which consolidates the troops of the Potomac arjX!Y into three corps. There had been no important movement ill Virginia; but the Confederates were believed to be strengbhen1X5 their positions on the Rapdan, and General Grant was at Portr Monroe, where he was suppored to be consulting General But1C. respecting his plans for the campaign.

The expedition up the Red Riyer t 1att tht w. a snaking pQ
- a on the 16th ult. The Confederates

AkmmdriA Was occupied

v Of the river were concentrating at Shreves- 1

s Lr05 tie Buys accidentally blown , killing fir men.

,eventyflvO miles above Alexandria engaged the capturing 200 prisoners and four pieces of the Confederate General Forrest upon Union City, As AuWk On the 24th ult., resulted in this capture of the ]minediatelv afterwards, Forrest entered on the 25th occuided  aducab, on the Ohio River,

jjo be M=oved many valuable spoils. He also attacked the , want of heavy cannon was compelled to desist. Two #04 b=U from Cairo opened fire to diaodge his forces, rtion of the city was destroyed. Forrest thirty-five miles east of Paducah. b5Cfl Ue soldiers and civilians (or, as another Copperheads and Republicans) occurred j1L0n the 28th nIt., in which between twenty and were killed or wounded. The civilians (Copper. isei from the town, but have intrenched themselves outbreaks in other districts in Illinois are also Hemntzeimn',  commanding that department

a in, iF

*041 1" WO troops to suppress insurrection.

ATTgPALL&.
LI1' OF (OLOZL COLT'S FIREARMS IPAC~MRY AT HARMED. r1Tr TAT.

'Tr txt fny fl*i1d. cizt bzig t¿ a

: r fcr the ramufAMUM of (O1i Count  z &*a

d cit&r. wbich Imim ob*z*d s. 3.w4 rep

-M r4iy d&OYtd by 6e ex the &h of F*uay aat 1t

C of the &6 ot i 4r ¯ b. by ti .c aaa ‡flL The he vale &

In

of thi be the cpaVkm of the OMPMAY are ifl

cr1ed o. Tbe b* e beIere, *4y rzI the

of Cot fizr  *ti, W* t"ame. are a

4 teeet i Aa1a at the pe'eat se. I  pusW

pe,. that

e be tr4 cf the x the llartfc %oy will b et4. We  t ergmvvd * boogrph of te rue.
NASSAU, NEW PROVIDENCE.

WITH reference to the annexed Engraving of the capital of the

Bahamas, our Special Artist and Correspondent writes as follows

"Nassau. at the present moment is a point of very great interest

indeed, being the head-quarters of the Anglo-Confederate blockaderunners; and at no time, I presume, has its harbour shown so much activity as now. The enterprise of British merchants has lined its quays with long light-coloured, rakish-looking steamers, discharging their rich freights of cotton that have run the gauntlet through the Federal cruisers off Wilmington. The voyage from the Confederate -States to Nassau averages about fifty hours; but then these fifty hours are fraught with an excitement that a voyage of fifty days would fail in producing. From the time of leaving Cape Pear River, Wilmington, to the time of sighting Nassau and getting into British waters, these adventurous craft are never safe from being overhauled by 9'e Northern man-of-war. Many a feat of heroism has been displayd by the plucky Englishmen who command them, and I have known instances of a vessel being chased and fired into for an entire day, and the only answer given in reply was to display the British onsign more proudly than ever. C)! course the owners of these ships are, strictly speaking, violating the neutrality which her Majesty's Government baa proclaimed; but, for all that, we EnglisHmen may well be proud of the spirit of enterprise shown by our countrymen, who set at defiance the guns of the Federalists, and turn a blockaded harbour into an open port. Nassau is the point whence most of the blockadere start with the cargoes destined for the Southern (Jonfederacy, and it is here that they return with their bales of Sea Island and Upland cotton which they have obtained in exchange for the rifles, blankets, and shoes so much needed by the Southern soldier. The climate of the Bahamas, of which New Providence is -one of the group, is almost tropical; and pleasant, indeed, to your Correspondent was the change from the wintry weather which he had experienced on the banks of the Rapidan. Oranges, shaddocka, bananas, cocoanuts, pineapples and many other varieties of fruit abound, and lovely to the eye is the diversity of foliage in which the charming bungalow residences are embedded. The people of the place, led by their popular Governor and his lady, are the most hospitable I have ever met; and the officers of the let West India Regiment, stationed at Nassau, are the beat set of men it has been my chance to fall in with on a foreign station,
Master Willie Pape, the celebrated young American pianist,

has been playing at Liverpool with extraordinary success. At a concert at St. George's Hall, on Saturday last, he performed, among other pieces, Thalberg's serenade from "Don Pasquale," Beethoven's sonata in E flat, and Thalberg's fautasias on "Lucia," and "litosb in Egitto," intermingling these classical compositions with curious and interesting specimens of American and negro music. "Master Pape," sa's a Liverpool journal, "has a touch of equal softness and brilliancy; his execution seems equal to any difficulty; his repertoire is varied and abundant; his style, though it has yet to reach the poetical maturity of one or two of our greatest masters of the piano, is characterised by intelligence, appreciation, and feeling, while it is wholly devoid of the tricksiness usually found with prodigies; and to all his other merits he udda a memory which enables him to dispense with his music throughout the whole of his wonderful programme."

Information has been received in London respecting an enormous theft of bar gold, worth £00,000, from the sunken steamer Golden Gate, near San Francisco. The Golden Gate was wrecked in July, 1862, having on board £400,000 worth of gold and specie. The underwriters by whom the vessel had been insured dispatched an agent to the scene of the wreck, and a party of men who recovered about £50,000 worth of bar gold decamped with it. It is believed that most of the booty has been forwarded to London. One of the suspected thieves has been taken into custody.
NEw YoEx, April 9, Morning.-A slight engagement, lasting three hours, occurred on the 28th tilt., thirty-five miles above Alexandria, Louisiana, between 8000 Federals and the Confederates, who were estimated 12,000 strong. The Federals are reported to have captured 500 prisoners, and then continued advancing, endeavouring to bring on a general engagement. The confederate ram Tennessee is reported to have sunk at Grant's Pass, Mobile, during a gale. The Senate has passed a resolution amending the Constitution so as to abolish slavery. The resolution has yet to pass the House of Representatives and the State Legislatures. In Louisiana the election for delegates to the State Constitutional Convention has resulted in the success of the Free State party. An enormous mass meeting of working men has been held at New. York protesting against legislative interference with strikes.

AMERICA.

The military news from America is of little interest. Heavy rains. had fallen, and neither of the belligerent armies in Virginia had made any movement; but General Grant had proceeded from Washington to the Federal head-quarters. The Confederate cavalry was still active in West Tennessee and Kentucky. The Federal expedition which ascended the Red River to Alexandria was continuing its advance towards Shreveport.

The Federal House of Representatives had passed resolutions deploring recent events in Mexico, and declaring that it can never accord with American interests to recognise a monarchy established on the ruins of an American republic under the auspices of a European State.

The great metropolitan fair at New York in aid of the United States Sanitary Commission was inaugurated on the 4th inst. The day was observed as a holiday in New York. Eight thousand soldiers took part in the ceremony, and the people turned out en niese.

The Republican ticket has been elected by a large malority in Connecticut.
The Am York World pnbiishez a long and minute account

o the secret police system uiar.ta1ned by the Federal Govnment in bM

eit. It emptoys 800 oceTh, bseides an Immense number o snbordlnate

apise, male and female, and, like the Iu3o, bee Its own rIeone where

victims are Incarcerated, tortured, and sometImea dIsaeer, leaving no trace. This system, worthy of the worst days of HOW and Zptee, costs the Gc-ycrnment O,000 dots, 3 mouth.
-  AMERICA.

General Grant has joined the army of the Potomac. He has issued orders to revoke all furloughs, to send baggage to the rear, and to direct antlers to leave the army, in view of the resumption of active operation. Continuous rains however, prevented any immediate movemerit. It was rlimoure‹ that a threefold advance on Richmond-namely, by Grant across the Rapidan, Smith up the Peninsula, and Burnaide vi Goldsborougb, North Carolina-as been determined upon. The army of the Potomac, it is said, has been largely reinforced. General Meade has moved his headquarters to Cudpepper. On the 12th inst. the Confederates, under General Forrest, attacked Fort Pillow, a few miles higher up the Mississippi than Memphis; and, after some fhting, they compelled the garrison of 600 men to surrender. It was- said that they had massacred the garrison. No certain information had been received, however, relative to this latter part of the affair, The Confederates had also taken Paducah, but had been shelled out of it again. The Federal expedition up the Red River had defeated a body of Confederates near Cane River,

had taken about 600 prisoners. The Confederate General
BCOO men, had made 5 unsuccessful attack on )laws I eral Steele's division near the little Missouri River Fed expedition is advancing  towards Texas. It

had two  skirmishes.

N the ]morning of the 9th the Confederates made an attempt to

ag-ship Minnesota, off Newport. The Minnesota bntnot sunk.

bas passed a resolution in favour of such an

of the Federal Constitution as shall for ever abolish - nt the United States. tC0m1tte8 on Foreign Affairs, with the approval of

*e praddat and the Cabinet, had decided not to support the recent

;PWdea of the House of Representatives relative to French ape

ado, eM)g5occurred in the Federal Rouse of Representatives.

spoke in favour of peace, advocating the inune

of the Southern Confederacy. Next day Speaker!

the chair and moved Mr. Long's expulsion for Harr* of Maryland, defended Mr. Long, and prayed

- b

00000. 1 t never be conquered; whereupon Mr. Washburne, the expulsion of Mr. Harris. Eighty-one votes and fifty-eight apinst the latter motion; but, there ,f two thirds, the motion was lost. A vote of bows was immediately afterwards carried, on the 4sW ick, against a minority of nineteen. The

Medea of 0ffr.Lvng was still under discussion. Several Democratic at they indorsed Mr. Long's opinions.

cjiu1eeujalmost 5panic inthemoney market. Gold roseto

aftewards declined and closed at 176k.
The ice-crop gathered last winter in America is said o be

the largest ever stored.

Tbeape mall has arrived. The news is not generally im

portant. The notorious Alabama bed put Into Table Bay for coals and supplies. In her cruise in the Indian Seas she had captured and destroyed seven vessels.
