Baule.Field3 of the &uth. By (T. B. C.) an English Combatant in the Southern Army. (2 vols. Smith, Elder, and Co.) T. B. (3. had been for a long time resident in America when the election of Abraham Lincoln to the Presidency was received with a growl of dissent in the Southern States when the patriotism or treachery of Floyd sent arms southward for tie conflict which he knew was impending, when the connivance or vacillation of Buchanan made confusion worse confounded, and when at length the bombardment of Fort Sumter proclaimed to the universe in iron tones that a great people was divided against itself, that the hour predicted by Jefferson was come, and

that civil war had crossed the Atlantic to find a new amphitheatre in the New World. Then came the sneers of newspaper-writers at the two thousand shots expended against Fort Sumter, at the two days or parts of two days spent in reducing it, and at the bloodlessness of the affair, only four men having been killed, and that by the bursting of one of lilnjor Anderson's own guns as he was performing the ceremony of saluting his flag; but soon the thoughtless mockery was changed to real or simulated horror at the carnage, which seemed to increase with every bloody field from Bull Bun to Chicarnauga. T. B. C., however, brings down his account no later than the battle of Frede-, iinksburg, when Burñside found himself so unequal a match for Lee, and when the Federal troops, after repeated assaults upon positions which T. B. C. pronounces unassailable, had to take advantage of the darkness and. ram of a dreary December night to make good their retreat across the river. T. B. C.'s heart is evidently in the cause, and though, to use his own expression, he had" all to lose and nought to gain in opposing the tyranny of Federal rule," he embraced the Southern cause from the very first with an enthusiasm which would have done credit to a scion of one of the "first families of South Carolina." He declares himself that "the impulse by which he was prompted in bearing arms for the Southern cause was simply that inherent love of liberty which animates every English heart," but he writes with a virulence of feeling which would scarcely be greater were the difference between himself and the Yankees social and religious instead of national and political; indeed, he could not hate them more than he (apparently) does had they once been his best friends. Re says that General Scott considered lying an element in strategy, and accounts for the "bouncers" of Major-Gererai Pope and others on the eround that

intentions and movements of those who place them on their particular

squares, there is, perhaps, not much more to be learnt, in a scientifl

point of view, from his volumes than from the accounts which. have already appeared in the newspapers. Besides, as he was with the armf Virginia, and the South fought battles elsewhere, lit not ha11.90 the gift of ubiquity, is forced to rely for events of which he was not an eyewitness upon letters from friends and announcements in newspapers. It is, of course, those parts of hisvolumes which tend to show the spirit which animates regiments and companies, masters and slaves, officers and privates, and which treat of camp

rnl , +3,

ties and personal appear. anne of now world. known Generals, on which he is most likely to be well informed, and which are most entertaining. It is a matter of regret that his narrative does not come down to the date of the enlistment into the Federal army of black troops, the reported flocking to the Federal lines of escaped slaves, and the asserted bravery of the coloured regiments under fire and in the face of white men; for he leads you to suppose that such things could hardl be.

Wdtsrinqs in West
of Maj or-Geperal Pope and

others on the ground that they imitated the "old hero." Of C1eUan, whom no less an authority than General Lee pronounced to be the best officer the Federals had, he asserts that the "young Napoleon" at the commencement of the war offered his services to the South and asked to command a division, but "was answered that, if his heart was in. the cause let him

join the rank, like Lang

street and others, and fight his way up to that position." He says, moreover, "I have frequently heard distinguished Southern leaders speak of M'Cle]ian in the highest terms of compliment. His successful retreat through the ChickpJiominy swamp is considered by officers to be equal to the best deeds on military record;" but he does not himself speak in very high terms of "little Mac," representing him as but little inferior in power of imagination, exaggeration, uiixiiiloation, and downright leasing to the unsurpassable General Pope. T. B. C]. served first as a private, and eventually as Lieutenant of Artillery on the field staff, and, in the latter position, had no doubt more opportunity than in the former of observing the tactics and movements of the officers incomm and. but, as privates and sixhaltarns have usually about as intimate an acquaintance with the plans,andoperations of commanders of armies or divisions as pawns and-knights on the chessboard have of the
IT appears that, after all, the Eagle of Tartary and the Eagle of Washington understand one another, and that the terrific threats which were discharged at the New York banquet were not merely the extra effervescence of the very objectionable liquid called catawba. Moscow has indorsed the declarations made at that remarkable dinner. We read in a Moscow paper that the eight Russian frigates were not sent to New York simply because the winter that is approaching would make it convenient for them to be at a station where ice would not impede their movements. This was the amiable solution offered to the British public by prophets who prophesy smooth things, and it was rather readily accepted, for our grand quarrel with Russia was so recently made up that we hate to believe she is inclined to reopen it, And John Ball always believes well of anybody whom John has soundly beaten. But the solution is rejected, and we are informed, e oiueto'ri-iate, that the Russian "fleet" has been sent to New York that it might be ready to aid the Americans, morally at first, but afterwards immorally. It is held by St. Petersburg, first, that England and France will be less likely to do any act unfriendly to the Northern States while a Russian fleet is beside them,and, next, that if hostilities should break out in the Old World the Russian fleet would be able to hold in check the commercial marine of the two nations. So, with this declaration in hand, we may acquit the American speakers of rho domontade, and deliver ourselves over o all the terrors which the new ornithological alliance must excite in a wellconstituted mind.

It may be some time before the "Delight of Mankind more usually known as the Emperor of Russia-gives further

 utterance to his feelings in favour of the Northern States. It is convenient at times to leave matters in such a position that an unofficial intimation can be made either the point whence advance can be made, or that whence retreat 113 practicable. We do not suppose that Russia has undertaken to give support to Mr. Lincoln under any circumstances, or that sl3e would accept the recognition of the South, by France for instance, as a declaration of ar against herself. That would be truly affectionate but rather inconvenient, because in three days from that acceptance there would be another recognition, and French armies on the road to Warsaw. We may be allowed to suppose that though Russia, in her intense love of freedom, hates the Southern alaveowners much, she must, in her equally intense love of empire, hate the Polish patriots more. She will not play into their hands unless it entirely suits her, and will at all events let European and not American events guide her in her Transatlantic policy. So that the Lincoln Government can scarcely, we imagine, rely upon any immediate aid from Prince Gortschakoff.

To be sure, Mr. Lincoln has just announced that he wants a trifling addition to his armies. He desires 800,000 men.. Owing to circumstances, to which it is not now necessary to refer, he does not purpose to raise these soldiers by a conscription, however happy the Irish in New York would be to hear of such an invitation, and. however devoutly their Archbishop would persuade them to respond to it peaceably, as before. This time the President asks volunteers to come for

inferior to the artistic performance of the agents of Old-World despotism. Butler, indeed (for whom Mr. Beecher has a good word to say), approaches somewhat near the Russian model; but he is far short of Mouravieff. He could insult the ladies of New Orleans by menacing them with the treatment accorded to the vilest of their sex, but he never flogged them, so far as we know. He confiscated, it is true, and in one sense improved upon the Russian lesson, for he confiscated a good deal to his own use; whereas the cruel but honest B usian commanders burn the property they night appropriate; but Butler never did this sort of thing on a large scale. It was not his fault that he did not, and it is clear, from the reward he met with, that he pleased his chiefs ; but how much more effectively a Mouravieff would have managed matters. It is impossible to recount all the advantages which the North would gain if the "Delight of Mankind,' really in earnest, would send Mr. Lincoln a Russian contingent. While waiting for a more legitimate opportunity of joining the President in an offensive alliance, the Autocrat might thus lend all the moral force of his Government to that of Washington-so called after George Washington.

We must, of course, be prepared for the results of the alliance. We certainly think that the Emperor has done an unguarded. thing in allowing so many frigates to come out of their safe harbours, because it is quite certain that, if hostilities broke out, not one of them would return to the Northern Sea. Russian soldiers fight nobly at times, but Russian sailors are not the most terrible mariners on. record ;,and we are afraid that both. the English and the French crews, who have been 11 snubbed " in New York while the Russians were fated, may have been irreverent enough to be amused at the idea of the eight frigates being much of a menace. We shall probably be able to give a good account of some of these interesting vessels when ths time comes, and the French may be trusted to look after the balance. But if all the swagger at New York, and the shipbuilding, contrary to treaty, in. the Euxine, and the articles in the Russian papers really mean what they seem to mean, why, the storm-drum has been hoisted, and we are ready for bad

weather. -
ward and fill up the ranks which have been so fearfully thinned by the blundering of drunken and incapable Generals, and by the misfortunes of leal and skilful commanders, who have been driven into these misfortunes by his own interference and ldr, seward's. There appears to be considerable doubt whether this appeal will be answered as Mr. Lincoln desires, although, curiously, he endeavours to raise the martial spirit of the country by an encouraging, official assurance that Lee has not crossed the Potomac. Washington is officially declared to be almost as safe as Richmond. The citizens of the North, though we believe that they naturally desire the success of their own side, consider that they have already made tremendous sacrifices in its favour, and they are too dissatisfied with the conduct of the war to care about intrusting their lives or the lives of men dear to them to the leadership of tipsy braggarts, or of good soldiers who are under the command of Generals Lincoln and Seward. So long as the scum of the cities was to be bought, the North was quite ready to purchase that article, and per, haps seut it out with a sly hope that it might conquer, if possible, but might, at all events, abstain from coming back. But the lives of valuable, and educated, and, wealthy citizens are another matter. Mr. Lincoln has an immense population to appeal to; but it is exceedingly unlikely that he will obtain these 800,000 volunteers, or a quarter of them. Now, could not the Russian friend step in? Could not the volnnteeringbe tried in Russia? suppose that the Emperor lent Mr. Lincoln a few thousands of Cossacks to help him to put down the South. That would be friendly in the highest sense of the term. And these brave Russians have had so much practice in the reducing' a free people to slavery that they would come to their work like masters, not novices. The spirit of the war waged by the North against the South may be the same as that waged. by St. Petersburg against Warsaw; but the execution of the work in the New World has been immeasurably inferior to the artistic performance of the agents of Old-World despotism. Butler, indeed (for whom Mr. Beecher has a good
AMERICA. WAR NEWS.-VIRGINIA.

The news from Virginia is as perplexing as it is important. Our last Number announced the advance of the Confederates under Lee towards Washington. By intelligence subsequently received we lean that Lee's forces beat a hastj retreat, and still later information notifies their re-advance.

On the 18th nit, the Confederates surprised and took possession of Charleston, eight miles from Harper's Ferry, and to the 10th the Confederate cavalry continued to operate on the rear of the Federals, till General Meade was pushed to the front of the defences of Washington. At this point, where a battle was considered as imminent, GeneraL Lee suddenly commenced a retreat, and the Federal cavalry advanced as far as Warrenton Junction without meeting the Confederates, and it was found that General Lee had re-crossed the Rappabsnnock, having first entirely destroyed the railroad from Manassas to the latter river. This retrograde movement of General Lee took every one by surprise, and gave rise to various conjectures as to the object and motives for it. One supposition was that General Lee contemplated another raid into Pennsylvania; a second, that he was sending his army along the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad to confront and crush Burnside; While a third was that the latter General, having gained some success over the Confederates at Greencastle, was advancing to

nL nchhurg, the base of General Lee's supplies, and that Lee was ing back to protect it. On the 24th, however, General Lee's army suddenly crossed to the north side of the Rappahannock, repulsed some Federal cavalry with heavy loss, pushed back two brigades of Federal infantry, and advanced to Beaton station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railway, where there was another engagement with the Federal cavalry. At the date of the latest accounts the left of the Confederate army was said to rest near Beverley Ford, while its line crossed the railway near Beaten station and extended towards Stafford Courthouse,

 General Meade has visited Washington for a consultation concerning the future of the North.

TINNNS5BE.-RBcALL or nosEcuANa.

General Rosecrana has been superseded in Tennessee, and his special command given to General Thomas, who fought so doggedly at Chicamauga, while to General Grant is committed the supreme command of the armies of the Cumberland, the Tennessee, and the Ohio,

In regard to the removal of General Rosecranz the Washington correspondent of the New York Tinier says:-"The removal of Bosecrana is the subject of much and contradictory comment. The more correct understanding of the causes that led to it is that charges were preferred against him by Generals M'Cook and Crittenden, of unofficer-like conduct on the battle-field; of a panicstricken flight from the field to Chattanooga while the battle was in its crisis; and of his unsoldierly and mischievous conduct in publicly reporting on reaching Chattanooga, to both officers and men, that the day was lost. Superadded to this is alleged Government resentment of his disobedience of positive orders not to risk a general engagement by advancing beyond Chattanooga before he was reinforcec; also its impatience of his disposition and handling his troops on the field,"

President Jefferson Davis has visited the Confederate armies near Chattanooga, for the supposed purpose of allaying the disputes between General Bragg and several of his principal officers.

It was reported that General Bragg had been. reinforced by the rimainder of Longstreet's corps, and that he had wthdrawn the corps of General Breckenridge and General Hindman from the front of the Federal position at Chattanooga. These two corps were said to be "moving in force on the Federal left," and it was likewise asserted that the Confederates had made "another incursion" into Kentucky. It was rumoured that the Federals had made "an attack upon the rear" of the Confederate positions at Rome and Atlanta, in Georgia.

 The Memphis Bulletin states that General Joe Johnston, with his entire force, except one division, has gone to reinforce Bragg, and that there were not over 10,000 Confederate troops in Mississippi,

cHARLESTON.

The siege of Charleston still flags, but it was again asserted that General Gilmor&s batteries were nearlyready to open fire on the city.

A grand review of the Southern troops by General Beauregard took

place on the 16th ult., that being the ninety-eighth day of the siege.

The Richmond Ewe,ainer contains the following, under date

Oct. 20 -"The Yankees are hard at work constructing another battery east of Gregg, fronting the sea. A large number, of tents, has disappeared from Morris fronting Our batteries kept up a brisk fire upon the Yankees, who appear in muck larger numbers than' usual at 'Gregg and Wagner. General D. H. Hill has been relieved of his command. Breckenridge takes command of his corps."

Advicea from Folly Island and Morris Island to Oct. 18, in regard to affairs at Charleston, are to the following effect:-" Nothing of interest has occurred during the past week. There has been little fh'ing on either side. The Confederates appear to be awaiting the opening of General Gilmore's guns on the city. In the meantime th7 are not idle, a new batten having belched forth its thunder from ames Island, proving that they are still adding to the number of the fortifications. It is stated that the Confederates have several rams in Pocotabgo River, which cause no little uneasiness in regard to our vessels in Port Royal Harbour. It is proposed to place a number of torpedoes across the stream to prevent their egress. Admiral Dahlgren, a short time since, expressed his determination to an officer high in rank to go up to Charleston on the next trial, or else assure himself that the ironclads are unequal to the task. This will enhance the excitement of the conflict, and do much towards settling the t9 thc RQP21 Q WOIk thc A'cLc]ai1 xe oapab1c cf pc

 BANQUET AT NEW YORK TO RUSSIAN oppronas.

The New York city banquet to the officers of the Russian fleet took place on the 20th nit., at Astor House. Governor Seymour sent a letter of apology for his absence. Mr. Seward did the same, but promised that, should the Russian fleet come to Washington, he would show that be sympathised with the feelings of respect and good-will entertained by the Common Council and people of New York towards Russia. He suggested, as a toast,

11 Health and Honour to Prince Gortscbskoff, the Russian Minister of Foreign Affairs-not more able in defending the policy of his own country than just and liberal in conducting its relations with the United States."

in the speeches that followed the similarity between the Russian and

American empires was dwelt upon, and acts of good-will performed by the officers of the one empire to the other were narrated. Of course, Poland was not mentioned.

BRITISH CONSULS DISMISSED THE CONFEDHRLTE STATES,

From the South there is one item of intelligence, proving at least that the sympathy with the Confederate cause, of which England is accused by the North, is not rated very highly by the Government of Richmond. President Davis has suspended the British Consuls from their functions, and ordered them to quit the territory as soon as possible. There has long been a popular agitation with this object, which the departure of Mr. Mason may have strengthened. As the Consuls were originally accredited to the Federal Government, it has been a great Southern grievance that they were permitted to discharge their duties in the Southern ports. The plea on which they are now removed-that they had counselled British subjects conscripted into the Confederate armies to throw down their arms whenever they might be brought into action-is immaterial, the act itself having long been foreseen as unavoidable; but it adds one more complication to the general entanglement of American affairs.

MISCELLANEOUS.

President Lincoln has replied to the Missouri delegation that he refused to remove General Schofield. "The commander in Missouri," he said, "is responsible to the President, and not to the Radicals or Conservatives,"

There are now twenty-seven journals in Missouri which advocate immediate emancipation.

Secretary Stanton has gone to Tennessee on a tour of inspection.

The New York Supreme Court had refused the motion to remove the action against Mr. Seward for false imprisonment to the Federal Courts, and had denied President Lincoln's power to' authorise arbitrary arrests.

Mr. Chase has made a speech in Ohio, in which he declared that Mr. Vallandigham's defeat branded with the lie the saying of the rotten old European monarchies that the American people had no capacity for self-government.

Eighty national banks, with an aggregate capital of 10,840,000 dole., have already been anthorised to commence operations in the United States.

The Southern journals are dissatisfied with Earl Russell's speech at Blairgowrie, and exhibit firmer confidence in a friendly interference on the part of France.

According to advices received in Liverpool from New York on the 10th nit., three steamers arrived at New Orleans, all laden with cotton'-viz., The Empress, with 2711 bales; the New Orleans with 444 bales and 804 bags; the Benjamin Franklin, with 170 bales and I 40 bags; and the Meteor, with 45 bales; making a total of 3370 bales, and 844 bags. The most important piece of mtelligence, however, is that several of the most influential and wealthy planters of Mississippi bad taken the oath of allegiance.

The steamer Donro, which was captured last spring by the Federal steamer Quaker City, condemned, sold, and taken to the British provinces, was run ashore on the North Carolina coast, and burnt on the 11th ult., by the Federal steamer Mansemond. The Douro was endeavouring to run the blockade from Wilmington, with a valuable cargo of cotton, tobacco, turpentine, and resin.
-t

forming. It is believed that James Island is occupied by .5000 Con

;federate troops. Sullivan Island is supposed to be occupied by about

çthe same numbei and in the immediate vicinity of Charleston are quartered 10,000 men, making en aggregate force of about 20,000."

PRESIDENT LINCOLN'S CALL FOR VOLUNTEERS.

The following is President Lincoln's proclamation, calling for 300,000 volunteers :

Whereas, the term of service of part of the volunteer forces of the United States will expire during the coming year; end 'whereas, in addition to the men raised bythe present draught, it is deemed expedient to obtain 800,000 volunteers to servo for three years or the war, not, however, exceeding three years: now, therefore. I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, and Ccmmsnder-in-Chief of the army and nary thereof, and of the militia of the several States when called into actual service, do Issue this, my proclamation, calling upon the Governors of the different States to raise and have enlisted into the service of the United States, for the various companies and regiments in the field from their respective States, their quotas of 300,000 men.

I further proclaim that all the volunteers thus called out and duly enlisted shell receive advance pay, premium, and bounty, as heretofore communicated to the Governors of States by the War Department through the ProvostMarshal General's educe by special letters.

I further proclaim that all volunteers received under this call, as well as all others act heretofore credited, shall be duly credited, and deducted from the I quotas established for the next draught.

I further proclaim that if any State shall fall to raise the quota assigned to it by the War Department under this call, then a draught for the deficiency in eaid quota shell be made in said State, or on the districts of said State, for their due proportion of said quota, and the said draught shall commenee on the 8th day of January, 1864.

And I further proclaim that nothing in this proclamation shall interfere with existing orders, or with those which may be issued for the present draught in the States where it Is now in progress, or where it has not yet commenced.

The quotas of the States and districts will be assigned by the War Department through the Provost-Marshal General's office, due regard being had for the men heretofore furniabed, whether by volunteering or draughtiug, and the recruiting will be conducted in accordance with such Instructions as have been or may be issued by that department.

In issuing this proclamation I address myself not only to the Governors of the several States, but also to the goad and loyal people thereof, invoking them to lend their cheerful, willing, and effective aid to the measures thus adopted, with a view to reinforce our victorious armies now in the field, and bring our needful military operations to a prosperous end, thus closing for ever the fountains of sedition and civil war.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington, this 17th day of October, in the year of our Lord 1813, andcf the independence of the United States the 88th,

By the President.  .&IIRAILM LINCOLN.

Wm. H. Seward, Secretary of State.

Governor Seymour has issued a proclamation calling upon all classes in New York State earnestly to assist in furnishing the States' quota of volunteers. He asserts that the Federal military situation in Virginia and Tennessee was most critical; that the armies were threatened with serious disaster for want of. adequate force; and declares that it was the duty of all citizens, and that he should expect it of them, as well as of all State officials, to give efficient and cheerful aid in the furtherance of the appeal of the President.

The Governor of New Jersey has urged the people to respond to President Lincoln's call for volunteers.

0 A rnrrr'n A 5' 00W Vn'flt 'nfl nnac'T A 0 font Sm',
Mn. CUABB; the American.Finauoe Minister, may have his own private ideas as to tiestate;o1 the war-we know that Finance Ministers have ccasi9nal crotchets-.but it is very dioult for a person who does not read telegrams in a non-natural sense to coincide with that gentleman in the statement that:-,the Con-' federates are vanquished, or, as be puts it, that. "the rebellion is virtually coushed." That he intends it shall be,. i possible, is

to the Confederates and their leaders. Moreover, Longstreet I has reinforced Bragg, news which must be agreeable to General Meade; and it is said that the Confederates have made an incursion into Kentucky. Now, Mr. Chase may say that rebellion is dead, but "three great oaths I (and the Northern clergy are so strong in this department that if you did not know they were preaching you would think they were swearing) will scarcely make that believed,' if we may quote from the adventures of Parolles, a gentleman whose name constantly occurs to us in connection with Federal narratives. When we have added that two Confederate divisions had been detached from the front at Chattanooga and were moving on the Federal left, we have made a slight and unnecessary addition to the difficulty whlc'i we 'seem to see in the case of the great manufacturer of greenbacks.

But what the Federals cannot do in the field they certainly effect at the polling-booth. We may interpolate here, by-theway, the carious admission by the Federal press that the vaunted "secrecy" of the ballot system in America is all nonsense, and that the ballot is simply a machine for enabling votes to be taken "rapidly" and with "precision "-a point which will be useful to Mr. Berkeley in his next monologue. We proceed to allow that at' certain elections, especially that one which terminated in the signal defeat of Mr. Vallandigham, the Government has obtained victories of a very complete nature. Whether it was quite worth while to win by such majorities at the price which the newspapers say has been paid-viz, the sending away enormous bodies of soldiers from the army to the poll, and thereby making it easier for the Confederates to beat the crippled leader of the North-is a question for Mr. Lincoln himself, who maybe supposed to know whether it is more desirable to have a strong vote or a strong array. But, as Mr. Chase states that; the defeat of Mr. ,Vallaudigham will cause "great trouble" in England, we are bound to say that this awful event has caused the utmost dismay here. The Queen has returned to Windsor Castle to be near-Lord, Russell, the Bank has raised its rate of discount, Admiral Fitzroy has ordered the top cone to be hoisted at the summit of the stormdrum, and the porpoise at the Zoological Gardens has died of grief and fear. In the interest of truth we freely, and at the expense of our national character for courage, present these facts to the Federal newspapers, which have based arguments against us upon incidents far less referable to the matters with which the ingenious scribes have linked them..

 As for the Russo-Yankee alliance, the subject is too terrible for calm contemplation. The speeches at the New 'York banquet have been indorsed by a Moscow journal, which states that the Russian fleet has been sent to America in order to be ready to menace the commerce of France and England, in the eventof hostilities. We can only be pleased with the modesty which limits the menace to the mercantile, marine, and does 'not presume to say that the Russian fleet has the slightest idea of coming into collision with our ships of. war or the Emperor's. The Sebasopol lesson has not been given in vain, and the Russian Minister of Marine has arrived at the discovery that the prime object. of a shipis not the being sunk with expedition.

• But it will be time enough to talk about this sort of thing when hostilities do break out; and then, as we have a few vessels in the western waters, it will be for' the Commanders on those stations to decide which ship, he can best spare to tow the 'Russian: fleet into 'Portsmouth, to be refitted for her Majesty, Englishmen are the last people to swagger, but a menace from Russia on the seas' is almost too ludicrous, The liOn in the fable, who insisted on' swimming because she had wings and feathers like ducks and urged that

If my beak isointed, airS thelr beaks are round, I that any reason why I about be drOwAe?

but came to' grief, hotwitbatanding this irrefraga'bie statement, is the only illustration that occurs to us of Russia taking command of the seas. We hold her myriads of whiskered Pan
conceivable, although the tortuous course of several leading politicians in the North makes it almost dangerous to assert positively that they desire anything except a continuance of a state of things that keeps them in office and enriches the most worthless, greedy, and ignorant part of the mercantile community. But, assuming that Mr. Chase would like to see President Davis and Mr. Benjamin in La Fayette, and the South electing members to be sent to Washington under escort with orders to shoot a deserting legislator, we can justify his declaration only upon the principles of our courts of equitynamely, that a man is held to have done that which he intended to do. In this sense Mr. Chase, like Tom Thumb, may be allowed to say,

Rebellion's dead, and now i'il go to breakfast.

But, regarded from the ordinary point of view, "rebellion" does not seem to be so dead as Mr. Chase may wish it. In "Cynibeline" the boastful Prince Cloten says that his antagonist would not stand his ground. "No," observed a courtier, aside; "but he fled forward, and towards your face." This is something like the way in which General Lee is flying before the retiring Federals. Early in the week the Federal organs in England were proving in the most triumphant manner that Lee had entirely failed in all that he intended to do, of which they had much better information than either Roaecranz, or, indeed, himself, and that his retreat across the Rappahannock must be held to be a throwing up of the sponge. But Lee seems not to have been completely in accord with. his friends here, for the latest news, up to the time at wkich these lines are written, is that he has again come over the river, beaten the Federal cavalry with heavy loss, and then advanced to attack them

 - --,- £1. - 1._ 1.1, v,,.i,.

douxa and of fierce Hussars- in due respect, and we unaffectedly admire the courage of her soldiers; but she is not, to use Mr. Lincoln's elegant image, 11 webfooted," and we are,

Leaving Mr. Chase and his peculiar views of death, and the terrible alliance between the Czar Lincoln and the President Alexander, we must note that the South has been taking action in a way which Mr. Benjamin has justified at enormous length, and which really does seem to require a good deal of defending. The Southhas pressed-observe-pressed, a great many subjects of the Queen and of the Emperor of the French into the Confederate ranks. This sob is notoriously an offence against us and the French. But, as we do not as yet recognise the authority which has sanctioned it, we have no one to remonstrate with, except that, by Mr. Chase's logic, we should have a right to demand satisfaction of Mr. Lincoln, ruler of the South as well as the North. No, we have not done this; and, as our Consuls and those of the French have advised the pressed men not to slaughter Mr. Lincoln's soldiers, but tc throw down their arms, Mr. Davis has ordered the Consuls tc leave the Southern Confederacy directly. These gentlemen are accredited to President Lincoln, not to Mr. Davis, of course and can be thrust out only by the strong arm. The act may ls justified by those who lay no claim to impartiality, but it appean to us to be a vicious consequence of a vicious beginning. But as in the case of the" pressing," to whom is Earl Russell t appeal? Mr. Lincoln is not chargeable with the blame and we do not know any person of the name of Davis a present, though he is most anxious for an introduction. 0 course, if we pleased, we could, with the full concurrence o Washington, reinforce the besiegers of Charleston, and serv, out a little Japan justice ; but we apprehend that Earl Russel will not see his way to this adaptation of our Oriental habits though the cases are curiously alike, and the Mikado Lincol has no more command over Prince Davis than the spiritiu Japanese Emperor has over President Satz urns. We irnagin that the Consuls will remove, and the matter be left in abe' ance until larger matters are settled. There is an Imperi' speech to be made in a few hours from our writing, and tha will give France and England something else to think abou than their Consuls.
- flSWS* RULt (San i.IM.LbflUW. • Charles faar, who" 'for twenty months has been residing in the United States as Special Correspondent of the Tunas, returned by the lost Ounard steamer on temporary leave of absence. That the Doctor should. have remained so long unmolested and nndenounced in

• the Northern States is rather complimentary to the impartiality and love of fair play of the Federals, whose peculiarities he has painted in vigorous but certainly not in roar colours. It seems, indeed, to be the opinion of that accomplished. Anglo-Italian, Mr. Antonio Gaflenga (who has been likewise "speciafling" for the Times in the West), that the Americans. like to b abused. "Lash them daily,

• lash them duly," as Mrs. Trollope did, and they will kiss the rod, Speak civilly of them, as Mr. Anthony Troliope did, and they will turn a cold shoulder to you. We remember a curious instance related to us

• by an American friend, proving the sensitive appreciation on the part

• of the American people of Mrs. Trollope's outspoken animadversions. One of the lady's strictures was on the inelegant transatlantic custom of

-visitors to a theatre lolling back in their seats, with their feet on the ledge of the dress circle. Not more than ten years since our friend was at a first-rate New York theatre and, in the dress circle there was one

. solitary individual who exhibited the soles of his boots at an angle ' of forty-five degrees (more or less) to a non-admiring audience. An indignant shout of "Troliope! Trollope V arose from the pit, and the obnoxious individual, covered by public clamour, had to take his boots down. Mr. Antonio Galienga, by-the-way, is, or was lately, a member of the Italian Parliament. Rumour has it that he has replaced Dr. Mackay during the absence of the latter in Europe. But how will the Italian Legislature do without the versatile author of Country We in Piedmont."

Va ,vnnn haoeA af a. vm'w AA na.nflamni wbn de-1-,l that the
bf the

AMERICA.

WU INPELLIG-ENCE.

The interest of the war is divided between the doings in Tennessee mid Virginia, and at Charleston; but centres chiei1y perhaps, in the movements in Tennessee, by which Federals and Confederates

Ware respectively endeavoug, the -former to relieve Thoma&s army, and the latter to destroy or force it to a disastrous retreat. General Thomas reports that General Booker was attacked at midnight upon the 29th ult. Severe fighting ensued, lasting two hours, with less vehemcncc until four o'clock. At seven o'clock General Hooker
reported that the troops repulsed the enemy's attack and drove the

enemy from every position they assumed. The Confederates abandoned Lookout Mountain without resistance, and the Federals occupy the south bank of the river from Bridgeport to Chattanooga. ' The river and railroad communications are unobstructed, facilitating supplies reaching Thomas. General Lee is said to have sent large reinforcements to co-operate with General Bragg in isolating Burnaide and driving him out of East Tennessee. Despatches of a very satisfactory character are stated to have reached Washington from General j

Buruside. There have been no great operations in Virginia. The bulb of Lee's force is said to be on the south side of the Rappahannock, but he has strong pickets on the north side, with which he harasses lii eade's force, and watches all its movements. There had been several skirmishes between his advance and the Federals. Meade had moved his head-quarters from Warrington. General Gilmore's batteries had reopened fire on Forts Sumter, Moultrie, and Johnson, and have even thrown a. few shells charged with "Greek fire" into the city of Charleston. The Confederates were undaunted, and were briskly replying to the Federal fire. r

GENERAL NEWS.

The Federal debt on the 1st of September was estimated at 1,228,000,000 dole.

The Mexican Ambassador from Juarez had been received by

President Lincoln.

A "final grand rally" of the Republicans had taken place at New York in view of the election of State officers, which was to come off on the ltd Inst.

The quota for New York State under the last call for troops, in addition to the deficiency under the for-mar call, is reported to he 108,000. which total must be forthcoming, or the draught takes place on the 5th of January. The New York supervisors are appropriating two million dollars for volunteers.

There are reported to be 11,000 Federal prisoners in Richmond.

The Legislature of Virginia assembled on the 7th nib. Governor

Letcher has sent to that body a message full of firmness and faith.

The officers of the Russian fleet have returned from a public

excursion to Niagara. Great popular demonstrations of welcom.c were exhibited along their route.

General Rosecranz has been enthusiastically received at Cincinnati, to which city lie went on giving up command. He said he had received a letter from the President, approving his conduct at the battle of Chiciunauga.

The New York 2 lInes quotes from the Richmond papers, to show the alarming condition of the Southern currency, that the Confederate finances are in a state of collapse, and that a forced loan is the only alternative.

The Richmond papers are very angry with the English Government

for detaining time steam-rams in the Mersey. They even profess to

regard the act as one of direct hostility.

The Confederate blockade-runner Venus, one of the fastest of the entire fleet, was recently run ashore off New Inlet, North Carolina, while attempting to inn out of Wilmington, by the 111. S. steamer Yansewond, and totally destroyed. Her cargo consisted of tar and turpeiltixie.

INDIA.
IV the lower room at St. James's Hall, Piccadilly--o long occupied r Uiristy's Minstrels-au "Historical Panorama of the Civil War America is being exhibited by a Mr. Church (not the celebrated

saerican.painter of ±luit.nanie). with- rmjzjcaj accompaniments and dcriptive lecture. The panorama is said to be the work of some 'teen artists, some of whom have been in the conflicts they repreflt, while others have painted from photographs. About thirty-six 'ens are represented, which are as various in interest as they are aequai in execution-the battle-pieces being, however, by much the

. Even these have little art value; yet, like other panoramas, it Instructive, placing as it does before us, compendiously and vividly, ad without perceptibly leaning to either side, the chief aspects and rents of the gigantic and aanguiaary struggle of which we read and inkwith such Interest and regret.

Theoval Anina hi,v.
47  AMERICA.

WAR INTELLIGENCE.

Alternate advance and retreat seem to be the G1(  the

Virginia. This time it is General Meade who mites ti

movement. On the 7th inst. two divisions of his at,,

the command of Generals French and Sedgwick, adnness

north bank of the Rappahannock and captured the Co

redoubts at the Rappahannock Bridge and Kelly's '&d, t with 1800 ,risoners and seven guns, after a sharp gagaclsn. which the ederals lost 800 men according to one telO5T according to another. On the 8th inst. the whole 1e- ' crossed the Rappalmannock, and advanced, with little OP"-towards Culpepper, while the heights of FrederickW lii to have been occupied by General Kilpatrick's F the morning of the 9th inst. "heavy firing" in the ughbCnlpepper was heard; but nothing was known in New roar ing its origin or result.

Chattanooga despatches of the 3rd inst. state that the eIC

on Lookout Mountain (stated in a previous deTtch to

relinquished by them) were shelling General ook&'1

Lookout Valley, and added that General Bran's fovs€e.trl been captured. There had been, it is said. so-- aeezs between the Confederates and General 31I&U1W-'1 Tuscunbia; but we are not told either the date or the

Confederates had apparently commenced serious Op&*bO "

General Burnside's corps for official despatches aflO L5 of General Burnaide's advanced positions had beau that portions of two Federal regiments had thus faUCD __ of the enemy. Part of the Confederate army was peered from the front of the Federals at ChattanOO' id theI reports that at least fourteen Confederate brigades .. Tennessee river, while there had been several sharp €Y between Federal detachments and bodies of Confed.& Tennessee.

Despatches report that Columbia, Alabama, is in Fed e3 ion, without giving details of its capture.

The Confederates had been repulsed at Collieraville,C5tth:

and Charleston Rnilway, and the General in comnmsxtd°f thV

his Staff, had been captured. In Arkansas they had repulsed, and it was said that General Price bed Tti55ted b Red River.

Charleston advices are to the 5th inst. The heavy b' of Fort Sumter by the Federals continued without C5tI0 rm the sea-wall had fallen in, burying thirteen men

,

PseeI

has visited the defences, and has expressed an opinion that '1 never be taken. MISCsLLANE0iTS. The elections in the State of New York have been by the Republicans. In New Jersey the DemOODAt 5° General Butler had been placed in command of North the room of General Forster. Mr. Seward has made a speech asserting that there peace until Mr. Lincoln was president of the whole anticipated the early submission of the iDBUfit ' would be peace, and the angels in heaven migh tb the symphony of such a peace." There was no Stá.to been made stronger, and no citizen that had not been fli* thvsr. . of tile Governor Seymour has addressed a large . meeting idw V% of New York, pointing out the immense number serve in the army, the serious loss of life, and the ruptey and ruin to the nation; and all for OPnsPOee, nO'
th UrAiGu and the preservation of the nation, but. fm the ctralieetjou j In the hands of the President. c,edent Jefferson flava ban mule a 'peecb MOW remlxg tie $'00p5 that they were not common eoldiere, but the beet pop,. f the country poured into the arm7, and he appealed to them frem other incenuve than military thectnune. Self Must be eatiedv krgmtea in pre Tit. tmrea and thoee w}mo were hoarding up were boarding up tnfamy, the mark of which they and their poeterity Lo eIialI have grown rich by w must bear.

flinTs flflY S I Itfl T & fl S ?
AMONG the evils of the war which has called out all the violent psaslona of our American relatives is the generation of a habit of what we are describing in the mildest language when we call it profanity. No person of honest nature would be too hard upon a man who at a time of fierce excitement should be too much moved to be very careful of his tongue When directing the "currents of a heady fight," neither Napoleon, Weflingtce nor Clyde, was particular as to the form of embaat& in which hasty orders were delivered; and a good deal of expletive may, under such circumstances, be thought no more of than the noise of the powder that is proectlng the, ball. But it is really another thing when preachers in the pulpit and statesmen on the platform think it neceesaryto be Izuprenive by dint of appeals and allusions which are olfensive to people of taste and painful to people of religion. American speakers and writers on both aides have been a great deal too ready to claim the direct superintendence and approbation of Providence; and those who would affect to see the blasphemy of such a man as Suwarro, for instance, who rhymed on

to God and to the mpreas" after the butchery at

Tfli are ten times as pecaipt with similar tributes at

ovary fresh slaughter in the course of a frainleidal war.

We do not prop to annoy oaf readers by illustrations of this peadics, as those who ban read the documentary history of the struggle will recall a man of such sins against propriety and religion; but even those who have noticed the clerical menaces of Greek fire and worse, by the Federal preachers, and have seen Mr. Lincoln's telegram, in which he Invited one of the Generals to stand still and see the salvation-xe scarcely care to copy the rest of the nsge-xi1l not have been prepared for Mr. Seward's last outbreak. This, for mingled folly and profanity, perhaps out don m of what his preceded It. And this is the utterance, not of a soldier In the fierce heat of a fight, or even of a fanatic preacher blatant for the sake of pewrenta, but the deliberate oratory of the leading statesman in the Cabinet of Washington.

Mr. Seward, the Palmeraton and linasell of the Line*1*

thtittry, bas been making a speach In which he declares that there can be no peace until Mr. Lincoln shall be Pes&dent of the whole United States, Then, that Is to say, when the flower of the Southern soldiery shall have been slaughtered-' when the elties are garrisoned by Federals, and scores of Butlers are holding the people in an iron clutch-w' the sword and the fire hare done their work, tl, mm )&.Sevard, "Three will be peace, and the angola In Heaven may tune their haspstothermphear of arethe peace."

saw" the esslas auvage, in fairly outdone by Sew=-6

Federal dt- and flanthropist. The id which he calls up it too paluM to be regarded lightly, though the r*dle*lees biSedo with it to an extent whicth makes it d1CS1t to iqn a anile. TI be had been content to be only pottsat omly magniloquent indeed of profane; If he could have

emsjna  barrier, and not rushed in where those he

invokes for to tread, It would hire been well. Could he have been satisfied with the =We of the spheres and ha the mO5nlfl

stare slag together, xeole!ngly "Rail, Columbia I" the M"O" wod hav, been Aism4esa and not sltoge$l Impious. But the picture which he has seqght to draw Is so sudacloas that we should have hesitated to xrodute it, but that it is well that English readers should understand the t of mhdneis which has ,iudlciuIly laid bold *f the es of the North.

LeavingIt,assd forgetting is far as we may do the profane

part of the Idea, we should much like to know Mr. Seird's

Idea as to acme of go stepu with which it would be c&atYtO flow up the peace, whenever It is made, If it were posalbie thet the South could be dragooned into aulesloc, what next? We do not think so ill of the Federal Statesmen w to belie" that they desire to rule the nine millions of the South is Mt.
Seward's idol, the Emperor Alexander, is ruling the Poles. We not even suppose that he desires perpetual garrisons over the martial law, and a reign of terror. The idea probably is

if the South can once be subdued it will accept the 1miliathn, and take the goods the North provides it, and that hi time ill-feeling will subside and Institutions begin to iurk again. If these improbable events are ever to come to pass, it is too soon for Mr. Seward to have begun to conaid the actress of the misfortunes that have wasted the States, and what edja1 measures should be adapted to prevent the rurrence of such miseries. And as, even if the North should bare to make peace on other terms, and should hare no occasion to include the concerns of the South in any Washington Ws. the same hints may be as useful, or perhaps more so (as Federal administration, under the us, will be mere difficult than heretofore), we should like to ask him respectfully whether these are among the rearrangements which he med

Has he been convinced by the events of the last two years that universal suffrage is a mistake? Has he learned that to band over the Government to the control of mere masses, without real cohesion or mutual understanding, is a blundering and dangerous process, as the result has shown? Does be think that this horrible war would have occurred had ite American representative system been rational instead of the reverse, and if educated men and persons of property had really had a voice in the country? What can be a more terrible sarcasm upon the whole system than the mode in which the Chief Magistrate is chosen? The Americana are obliged, when attempting to elect their President., to eliminate every man of mark or notoriety, and the only man who has a good chance owes it to his utter obscurity-to the fact that, whereas something is known of other candidates, nobody can my good or evil of him. It was to his being nobody that Mr. Lincoln-an attorney-owed his being placed at the head of a great nation. And what is the consequence of such selection-if it be not an abuse of language to apply the word to the most blundering way of laying hold of a Sovereign. You get a mediocrity, or something worse, and he governs as might have been expected, and as would have been expected had anything been known about him. Mr. Lincoln with some good intentions, has done more mischief than any Monarch of Europe (extept Napoleon I.) who ever reigned. Row can it be otherwiie, when election is but mob acclamation? The intermediate electoral body makes matters no better, because it fairly represents the constituency, which is the worst conceivable. Has Mr. Seward thought of abolishing universal suffrage and of coming to a property qualication? We hope so, for to this complexion be or his successors must come at lait.

Then, hs he considered why the State is so ill served in

America? He will hardly deny that it is ao in t face od the

un!ersal tetimony of the American press, that the eMI and military ser ice is a mass of jobbery and incapacity. His ft occurred to him that while the wicked and foolish arrangement which turns every office-bolder out of place on a political change mm,t effectually prevent officeholders from being anything else! A man knows that he has but a limited term to serve, and then he must once more seek his fortune. Be would 1* something better or worse than a man if he gave much thought to anything save getting into office, and, when in, making, by fair means or fouls as much provision as he can against the day of his extrusion. And this is just what the public savant in America does. He has managed to get his place. As for devoting himself to learning its duties with a
Then, ha he considered why the State is so ill Hezwt In

America! He will hardly deny that It is so in t face of the

unireraal tcktimony of the American that the thu and military ser ice is a mass of jobbery and Incapacity. His it Ocetirrud to him that while the wicked and foolish arrangement whieb turns every office-holder out of place on a political

thaztge mu,t effectually prevent office-holders from being any-thing else 1 A man knows that he has but a limited Mm to serve, and then he must once more seek his fortune. He would 1* scxnething better or worse than a man if he gave much thought to anything save getting into office, and, when in making, by fair means or foul, as much provision as he can 'Pins the day of his And this is just what the public servant in America does. He has managed to get his place. As for devoting himself to learning its detias with a view to discharging them in the best manner, and, it may be, *proving the system of which he is a part-as so many of our °wn public servants do-that is out of the question. He has to feather his nest, and he has not much time for the nidlication. So the young and vigorous men of the country are either Phmclerlng it or am engaged in intrigue in order to have a chance of plundering it when a political change cornea. Will Kr, Seward propose to make offices permanent, except, as here, when the holders misconduct themselves? If so, and be can

ry his point, be will create a new service, and the aafra of

the comut, will be managed in a new way.

If Mr. Seward will consider that by abolishing universal 5tage and by making offices permanent he may do much to Slevite his country, and if he will mature plans to be offered

Peace shall come, he will be a better patriot than he has

hitherto shown himself. And if he will do this, and leave o

talking profanely about the angels, we do not know that he

would be the worst President that could be chosen to succeed Kr Lincoln. But we doubt his courage. He is brave enough

to be p not tobe patriotic
5 ffl€1ii5, UVI4L U UiULI.Th U.UU LUUSMS*I WUL.

MASTER WILLIE PAPE, the youthful American piangave a concert on Wednesday, last week, at Chatham, respecting which the South-Eastern Gazette speaks thus :-" Although not yet fourteen years of age, Master Pape not only takes rank with musicians of riper years, but he outdistances nearly all. In the concert of Wednesday the programme was made up of selections from Beethoven, Liszt, Prudent, and other composers, introducing the various compositions of the several schools, in order to show the extraordinary ability of this gifted youth. The first piece performed was the 'Molse,' by Thalberg; and the manner in which the variations were given, and the artistic display of the entire pieceone of the most difficult by Thalberg-stamped this juvenile performer as a living wonder. His most astounding performance, however, was Beethovens Grand Sonata, op. 26, and this, undoubtedly one of the finest works of this great master, was executed in the most perfect manner. Taken as a whole, such a pianoforte recital has probably never before been heard at Chatham."
THE ALEXANDRA.

TJaE court in which pleas between the Crown and the subject are tried has been for many days the scene of an elaborate forensic exercitation ; and though the matter in question has teen a dry point of law-the construction of a single word in an Act of Parliament -public interest has been as strongly represented by a crowd of eager listeners as if some sensation trial was an hand. At least, the subjectinvolved in the case of the Alexandra has the attraction of novelty. In itself contacted within a very narrow circumference, and affecting a right which can concern but a very limited class of persons, and coder very peculiar circumstances, yet it is associated with

such vast national and international interests-it bears within i the seed of such great eventsthat thinking men must feel that its importance cannot be over-rated. In a single phrase in a statute, which has lain rusting so long that the oldest Judge on the Bench confessed himself inexperienced and perplexed with regard to it, are comprehended questions of duty and honour, as between this nation and another, on which may depend issues of peace or war, which are viewed in this country with special consideration. Averse as Englishmen are to war for any idea, they view with particular aversion hostilities with America. They, at least, have not ceased to regard such a contest as one which would partake of an internecine character; and they

have therefore borne with creditable patience all the bluster of the North and, so to speak, the feminine petulance of the South, while endeavouring consistently to observe that neutrality which they conceive to be a simple duty. In considering this subject of the Alexandra-that is, the fitting-out of ships in this country which may be used in the service of either of the American belligerents-it seems to us that the object which we in England should have solely in view is the preservation of neutrality. When eloquent lawyers have refined for days, to that issue the matter must come at last.

The gist of the question-indeed, the whole question-is contained in the seventh clause of our Foreign Enlistment Act; and
to this test all the arguments must be brought, and by it all the decisions guided, reference being always had to the manifest spirit and purport of the Act. By that seventh section certain things are declared to be illegal and to subject the doer of them to the penalties of a mldcmeanot2r. The cause for this enactment is stated in the statute to be that such acts may be ejudicisi to and tend to endanger the peace and welfare of the kingdom. and, because the laws in existence are cot sufficiently effectual for preventing such acts, it is necessary to s.uppiement them by this special enactment. If proceedings to wbkh the seventh seetlcm appears to have been directed are calculated to bare the dangerous tendency thus specified, and could not have been prevented by any provision of the existing law, it is obvious that it was the aim of the Legislature to reruathiamiachief by means of new and particular legislation. Is this instance our common and statute law, as well as international law, were insufficient to meet a case which bad arisen, and one which involved the principles and the practice of nentrality. it is this supplementary municipal law that is now on its trial; and it remains to be seen whether, creating as it does a special offence, it can be construed with mfflient clearness and definiteness to pat an end to all uncertainty on points whith, under the peculiar circumstances of the case, are likely to be constantly cropping up.

With all respect for the great skill and ability which have been

exhibited by the advocates on both sides we venture to think that much of their labour has been practically thrown avay. The real object to be attained is to explain and give a practical bearing on the facts, of the language of the section. For this purpose the defendants' counsel entered into elaborate conjectures as to what the intentions of the Legislature were; and the very singular, not to say unusual, course was adopted of rersisg to the Parliamentary speeches of statesmen who took part in the discussions during the passing of the Foreign RaliatreutAct.. In this range of argument continual reference was made to a similar measure which was passed by the Unite i sad to the interpretation which was put upen it by Amer mudtes, For purposes of philosophical illustration this was all very well, but it certainly expanded the compass of the argument in a somewhat unreasonable degree. In a few words, the real matter in issue seems to be that the Crown lawyers found themselves mainly, if not. altogether, on the intent with which vessels are equipped for one set of belligerents at war with another set with whom we are at peace, and the understanding between the eqnippers and the agents of the party for whom they are working; while, on the other hand, the case of the owners of the Alexandra is made to depend on the nature of the acts by which it is allege J that the law has been broken. Stripped of all redundancy awl reduced to simple propositions, these have been the subjectmatter of the lengthy arguments in the Court of Excheqier.

 Xven those who have paid the least attention to the esse are probably aware that the section in question prohibits the knowingly being concerned or aiding in the "equipping" of any vessel, with the intent that it shall be employed in the warlike service of azy foreign State against any other Power at peace with this cowtry. In the construction of this little word "equipping," take with its context, is the point, apparently so knmty, which i to be t%etermine& The argument for the (wn is that, given the intent, any equipment, though not overtly warlike, and even if a ship should receive no bellicose fitting until it passed into the hands of a foreign Power, would be sufficient to bring the case within the statute. Prove the intent, and the misdemeanour is complete. Now, as

far an we are able to judge, it seems to be admitted that the

Alexandra was intended for sale to the Confederate States;

built for the Confederates a partial Government interferes. But it should be remembered that in all cases of contraband of war the parties who engage in the traffic do so at their peril. The Confederates are acknowledged belligerents, and they may capture any articles contraband of war they find in British vessels destined for Northern ports, and no redress could be even asked by the losers; while the owners of vessels attempting to run the blockade of the Southern ports know exactly what they are doing. This is no question of sympathy or sentiment; it is no question of the rights or wrongs of thebeliigerent parties; but it is one of solemn national datyon the partof this countrY. If in the event the decision of the Courts should be adverse to the Crown in the ease of the Alexandra-if her seizure has not been justified by existing law in the interests of strict international neutrality, we contend that what we conceive a defect in the Foreign Bulisiment Act should be supplied by legislation.
ven those who have paid the least attention to the case

are probably aware that the section in question prohibits tha knowingly being concerned or aiding in the "equipping" of any vessel, with the intent that it shall be employed in the warlike service of asy fore1gz State against any other Power at peace with this oouny. In the construction of this little word "equipping," ts,ken with its context, is the point, apa.

so knotty, which is to be determined. The argument

f the Mown Is that, given the intent,, any equipment, though not overtly warlike, and even if a ship should receive no bellicose fitting until it passed into the hands of a foreign Power, would be sufficient to bring the case within the statute. Prove the intent, and the misdemeanour is complete. sow, as far as we are able to judge, it seems to be admitted that the Alexandra was intended for We to the Oonfederate States

and, that being so, what have her builders and equippera to say for themselves. They affirm that the equipment, to conic within the Act, must be patently warlike, and that the Intent is motto be gathered from any otherthanthatfact. Nay, further, they even urge, and it Is not denied, that a ship of war may be openly built in this country and offered for sale to any person who may choose to purchase it; and yet such a proceeding would

not come within the prohibition of the Foreign Enlistment

Act PA It Is quite possible that in such a case, and without any actual cotitract with a belligerent State for the fitting out snob a, aseel, it may be surrounded by circumstances which might le the Orown lawyers to coma down upon it with their my of Intent, and, if they could get such evidence as would satisfy a jury, to enforce the law as it now taxid& It is, we will not say easy, hut possible,, to suggest cases which would be equally breaches of neutrality in theory and practice with that particular et with which we are now dealing; but that may arise from the imperfection of law; and it to no argument to say that because the law does not touch one offence it cannot or ought not to reach another which may be more specifically indicated. Bvery one knows that the meshes of Acts of Par. liament are not always effectual to hold every fish which they were designed to entangle; but when one of the interstices is powerful to capture it should not be cast aside in deference to its more lax companions.

In considering this subject to the beat of our ability, we venture to hold with the Crown, and to think that, looking, as we have already said, to the spirit and intention of the Act of Parlituoent, if there is sufficient evidence of the intent to convey the Alexandra, for warlike purposes, into the service of the Confederates, mere justice has been done by her seizuro. The great object for which we contend iiioM the Americans in *h* terrible struggle is, neutrality pure and simple on the part of ngland-" Troa, Tyriusre," Federal or Oonfederate. without extly saying "a plague on both your houses " Let us not meddle in any way in their quarrel by comforting or assisting either of them. So doubt there is a good deal of prate about lnre supplies of guns and warlike stores being allowed to be pt vT to the Federals with Impunity; but the moment a ship is
Tberci had been no general duagement in Virginia, than -'a

tv~ I' thing betokened the likelihood of a terrible stregjleat in eI7 The whole Confederate army, which is said to have been sT! 7 tile sudden ad cance of the 'ederals to the Bnppshanflock, hed across the Rapidan. During the operations of the 7th, 8th. 04 int., including the couture of the confederate fi*klwt

Bappahar.noek, General Nestle had, according to his oteal *c*4 taken 00 prisoners, four gnus. 2000 stand of arms. and some W!ItI At the latest date General Lee was strongly intrenched south Rapidan, and General Meade's army was posted btwe the 1WI and the flappáhannock. Lee seems to have had soew 1C$ north side; for Kilpatrick's camp, near S veuabrirg had b5 by the Confederates.

- Official accounts of the 18th inst. from ChattanoOga NW XEm'

represented that "all was quiet," and the ixiformatio OO forces of General Burnside, who had been sunorasdad. in his C5 by General Foster, was said to be "favourable." PasI stated that General Longatreet, with 16,000 C011%'*'

detached from General Bragg's army for the __

Tennessee. It was supposed that a large Ooufedsxs* f marching a"ajnst General Burnaide, who had OOUO at Knoxvill'e. His outposts had been oierwbeIXD5è

numbers at Rogersville, some sixty miles from Lao 4U8j

had already been informed, 600 prisoners and four grms the hands 'of the Confederates, who may proh*ldY h vancing from Virginia. The Petlerais were keeping up a slow bGwb4edfl and apparently with very little effect, No news had been received from General Banks's erPed it sailed from New Orleans, and it was General Banks might have proceeded to *4 MOW* O instead of Sabine ?ass. The Federal Texas expedition had recved * 011114 *46 returning to Brashear city. Lord Lyons had communicated to the GOver° the fact that a Confederate plot had been dh$aW1d 15 C' The object was to seize the steamers on prisoners in Fort Johnson, and burn the lake eiaI measures were at once taken. The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, by a msioritl O I had declared the Conscription Act to be Inoongtitut10 The workmen's strike in New York W55 sastus diriiensins, and causing LiUtCh uneasiness,
MW LUreA11 JUi

TilE ScEltr AT CHATTANOOGA.-Many must be familiar

with the beautiful view at Ebaratein, in the immediate neighbourhood of Baden-Beden, up the valley of the Mnrg, and over the forests in which it is by some supposed that the legions of Varna perished. Not by any means dissimilar, though far larger In its proportions, is the view discerned, from Lookout Mountain, which looms up on. our left, and from which you look right down into the Federal works around Chattanooga. Far in the distance, like a Silver thread, winds the sinuous Tennessee River, while from the rock upon which you stand called Point Lookout, not more than thirty years ago the Indian savage nseã to watch his opportunity of attacking the Sat beets, as they descended the river-* wilder barbarian, but by no means a greater rascal, then the robbers of the Bbine, who three hundred years ago watched from their eagles nests and craggy castles, with a view to exacting toll from the boa's that floated down the stream. I have seldom looted upon a fairer acssie. The Intense blue of the sky, the glowing tints of an American autumn, the fillisat atmosphere and vivid light, and in the far din. tense the peaks of a hundred noble mountains, some of them riven or, as the French would say," tormented," and twisted into gaunt shapes and po$nea, are such as to defy description. Then the effects of light and shadow and the outcasts of colon_r are startling beyond anything I have ever seen, became In Brope there i no mountain, scenery which is lighted by such a sky and seTtas axe tsxnillar to an In North America. the (uar adid front of e mountain Juts oat in a nih of golden hue against the dank of another emsceae,T in woods and dyed in dark green and purple there, floating ebadowe, the redaction of Mind clouds, scud across the iaudscape, until they have coursed away tar out of View. Right falls, and a sight more full of a painful interest than anyot )tatnr&s wonders strikes upon the eye. Two sections of a mighty nsilost lately brothers, hot now for ever divided by, an ocean

blood, are lying in their big lines of battle, clutching the weapons with which

they seek to renew their celvenorned and fratricidal strife, and marking by their camp fires the narrow strip of darkness which dividea there from each other. And here, among these lovely mountains in scenes from which, a quarter of a ciit'uy ago, the barbarian was Ignominionaly "crowded out," have civilised mon come to bout their cicillaction by Imbruing their bands Lu the heart's blood f their brethren.-The Tunes Southern Cerreeponcfenl.
and then.

Dr. Charles Mackay, who has been in England for some few weeks,

is about to return to New York to resume his correspondence for the Times. As rumours from "good-natured friends" have been afloat concerning Times dissatisfaction with their correspondent's Southern tendencies our readers will be glad to hear them so thoroughly disproved. Still more pleased will they be to hear that a new volume of poems by Dr. Mackay will be published immediately, under the artistic title of "Studies from the Antique and Sketches from Nature"

Longfellow's new book, "Tales of a Wayside Inn," has not yet set the town talking, but it certainly will not set the town to sleep. It is pretty to observe the intimacy and friendship of poets on the other aide of the Atlantic, where American statesmen are something more than inclined to take Old Mother England by the hair and give h

a good shaking. But poets are above party prejudi

Lfellow proves it by not hesitating to divide poetic sp.1o with

o g !:On. Certainly, the spoilwhich Mr. Longfellow generously levida was the property of Tennyson; but poets are above such

considerations. Here is Mr. Longfellow describing a ride on horseback

Now, soft on the sand, and loud on the ledge,

Is heard the tramp of his steed as he rides.

Already the lines have been admired, and deservedly admired. So, also, have these lines in Tennyson's "Maud," published 1855, been admired-when the guests are leaving the hail

Now half to the setting moon are gone

And half to the rising day;

Low on the sand and loud on the stone The last wheel echoes away.

It would be idle to suggest plagiarism here. It maybe a coincidence. Sometimes the brain may be so beaten, so haunted by a line or idea, that it is unconsciously absorbed or assimilated. It becomes a part of ourselves-just as beef and mutton become ourselves, not our.e1vts who become beef and mutton. Assuming that process of poetic instdration to be the case, another modern instance of what is not 5
WMli4W.

The foundation-stone of a -National Academy of Design has been laid at New York; and the New York hzdependtn felicitates its readers that "Our National Academy will be able now to boast of a domicile of its own, which is more than the Royal Academy of London-its senior by nearly a century-has ever been able to do, with all the patronage and prestige of Itoyalty attached to in."

A Yale" o1 report by M. le Conite de icieuwerkerke the

And hence it comes that legends of many lands-American, Italia

Sicilian, Jewand Norse are set to the poet's facile measures.

'Pl. British Tamj v (1 ii Yone. (2 vols. Rie
is  ci be equ&4 inrrect or Oxford.

Teks of a lrøjside en. y Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. (1 vol. Rontledge, Warne, and Routledge.) A new volume of poems, [by. the author of "Evangeline," is fair matter for congratulation. Stl, sessper ideas is not a motto for poets. Homer himself nods sometimes, arid even the Swan of Avon sometimes sings amiss. Nor is Mr. Longfellow en exception to this rule; he has poured forth simpler, grander, and tenderer utterances than are to be found in the volume before us. There are the same antique quaintness, the same musical cadence, the same mastery of rhythm, and the same gracefulness of expression; but the prosaic spirit has been mixed in larger

Yantities; with the poetic element, The scene which gives rise to

e title f the book is to be gathered from the following graphic, tuneful lines But from the parlour of the Inn A pleasant murmur smote the ear, Like water rushing through a weir; Oft interrupted by the din Of laughter and of loud applause, And, in each intervening pause, The music of a violin.

Around the ftreeide,attheir ease

There sat a group of friends, entranced

With the delicious melodies, Who from the far-off noisy town End to the wayside inn come down To rest beneath its old oak-trees. The firelight on their fa glance], Their ahadow on the wainscot danced, And, though of different lands and speech 34011 had his tale to tell, and each Was anxious to be pleased and please.
