NgRAL LONGSTBEXT.

ii( the last Number of the IWTLT&D J:4)ND0N Naws was

grsved a portrait of General

Lee, the Commander-in-Chief, and

now give that of another dis

tingeished General in the army of

the Southern Confederacy, who

&is slaw the death of

ZZ'Jackson, second only to lee in the military reputation be has achieved by the campaigns

between Washington and Rich.

mcsd during the last three years.

General James Longetreet, who is a native of Alabama, was regularly educated for the profession of ar. He entered the United

Stetea army in 183& He was

attached first to the 4th and then

to the &hinfsnlry regiments. He as-red in all the battles of the Micaa war, and, like General lee, was wounded at Chapnitepec He was twice breveted for dietiagnihed services in that war. Thi&8heobtained a post in the Paymasters department, to which be belonged, with the rank of Xaor. When the civil war broke out, in 1861, he at once joined the army of the Confederate States. The brigade which be commanded at the fight of Bull Run, in July of that year, was one of the first bodies of Southern troops that came into actual collision with the Federals; and in the sanguinary battle of Manaeeaa, which soon afterwards ensued, General Longstreet led the main attack, thouØi General Beauregard was in chief command, As a General of Division, Longstreet acted under General Lee throughout the Virginia campaigns of 1862 and 1863. A British officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Preenantle, of the Coldatream Guards, who has written a very readable book relating his experience in the Southern States during three mouths of last year, saw much of General Longstreet, and speaks of him with praise. He describes the General as "a thickset, determined-looking man, forty-three years of age, who is invariably spoken of by the relclier as the beet fighter in the whale army. He is never far from General Lee, who relies very much upon his judgment. The relations between Lee and lszegatreet are quite touchingthey are always together. Lone

WOWS CCWp5 CDMP121n Of this

as they say that they seldom get a chance of detached service, which falls to the lot of Bi.fl. I believe these two Generals

to be as little ambitions and as

thoroughly unselfish as any men
in the 'Mid. B*h lcnz for *

eecresM teaadnatiea of the war,

in ad" that they may MW Into

arlsy." 1* aee pad of the

mm volmae Colonel ?Nands

teft on how a*ayof the eddies

would ran an a h*nthsd yank

during a kiag march to get

- lock at Lospei hen be

bad ridden on In frost of theft.

BMW of them would ddZ oat

to their comrades, as tg

strest psened, "Look oat fx iroek, tleya, foe heres the old bu~  It is raerOy

UM; rrpcon himself to 1aagee in

too reckless aman. At Cinttys

berg, "he led a Geswgiaai erimen$

In a charge icet a bettery, hat

in hard, and in leant of every

body." A few hona later, Ocknel

PremnsWe Wand him seated an the tot, of a make fence at the edge of the wood, and l*in perfectly &m and =pa= while sane of his troops pswd by The - camad, who knew what had been the result of the hattie, ohaervei to General Ligatreet, "I wouldn't bar missed thle for anything." Long

zeet replied, laughing,

devil you wouldn't! r should liked to have miawllt, ry much; were atted, and been repulsed;

look there" Usually. says

Colonel Premoantle, he It a par

ticularly taciturn roan. Is a grave consultation with General Lee and two others, Lougatreet was noticed "sedating Iris diuiberadens by the truly American enstorn of whittling a saick.w He can be sarcastic. Thus, w1 Orneral Pettigrew came op to him end reported that be wee "unable to briar' n his men again," Lonstreet reike, "Very well, uenerai; thee, never onno. Just let tl remain where they are; the enemy' is going to advance and will save you the traobl&" "Dfeuhies," says the English Colonel, "make no other ixnIresaiou upon Loegatreet than to make him more savage-like a bulldog, at the soldiers can him. His physical endurance is most extraordinary ; he seem to require neither food nor deep." Two days after the battle of "OT" be was highly amused with a nge brought to General Lee by the bearer of a flag of truce from the enemy, who announced that L

Ge

neral Longem had been made - and was wounded, but would be ttken cars of.r General Longetreet sent back word to the ederaIs that he was "entremely grateful, but quite abl, to take care of himeelL" General Longatreet in re all reepects a worthy second to General Lee.
AMERICA.

The scene of conflict in Virginia has been shifted to a point much nearer Richmond. General grant, ending General Lee's position between the North and. South Anna Rivers too formidable for assault, recrossed. the North Anna on the night of Thursday, the 26th nit., and, turning his face south-eastward, marched his columns along the eastern bank of the Pamunkey Riverformed by the junction of the Anna Rivers-until he reached a point opposite Hanover Town, which is said to be about twelve miles north of Richmond. On the following morning, Friday, the 7th, the two divisions of Sheridan's cavalry had crossed the liver and. occupied Hanover Town.; and on Sunday, the 20th, the whole of Grant's army had established itself upon a line three miles south of the Pamunkey. It must also be observed that Grant has established a new dpdt for his supplies immediately in his rear. The Pemunkey flows south-eastward, and ultimately falls into the York River at West Point. From West Point there is a railway along the north bank f the Pamunirey, which again joins that river About- half way to Richmond. This is White House. I *as WOleUan's adr-t' dun 9' his' campaign two'

Uas ago - is now General rant', d6p6t. It is directly ia ~Iant's,te~l and %herefo±e is not liable to be attacked; it may b

reached by railway as well as by water, and therefore can readily be furnished with supplies. Lee, on discovering Grant's movement, rapidly manornvred his forces, and took up. a position north of the Chickahominy, fronting the Federal forces, and completely covering Richmond. During these manwuvres some fighting took place, in
which the Federals, as usual, claim the advantage. Smith has reinforWA

rant with his army corps; and Breckenridge, fresh from the defeat of Siegel, has joined Lee, and has command of the Confederate left. By the arrival of the City of Baltimore and the Peruvian wa have news from America to the evening of June 4. Up to that date no general action had taken place, but the Federals were gradually closing in upon the. Confederate intrenclunents north of the Chickahorniny. Some rumoum were afloat; but the only reliable piece of news is contained in a despatch from General Grant dated June 8, in which he claims to have made an attack on the Confederate line and to have driven its defenders within their intrenchmsnts, capturing 303 prisners. The Federal loss is admitted to have reached 3000 in killed and. loaded.

-

The New York World thus describes the topography of the country

likely to be the scene of the next battle between Grant and Lee:

Both armies are now in Hanover county, with the North Anna on the north and the Chickahominy on the south. Lee's army, as is announced in omsial despatches from General Grant, is on the Mechanicsvllle-road, so oth of the Tolopotoilian River, one of the tributaries of the Paneunkey, an

 between that stream and Hawes's Shop, with his right resting on Shady Grove. The surface of Hanover county is hilly, and, the soil sandy, bat there are few natural impediments to the operations of an army. Hanover Courthouse, the county seat, is, memorable as the scene of Patrick Henry's early career, and as the birthplace of Henry Clay. The object of Lee will be to preserve Richmond from the advance of General Grant, and for this reason he has selected a field which covers all the highways leading to Richmond. General Grant seems inclined to give his enemy no opportunity to move northward, and therefore has ordered the destruction of the bridges over the Little and North Anna Rivers. Lee's left-assuming that he faces to the south-is protected by the Chiokahorniny. The road from Hanover Town crosseothis stream at Mechanicsvllle, which is one tarnpike-road five miles north-west of Richmond. There is another road just in the rear of this, which also loads to the rebel capital. In moving down these roads General Grant will encounter the lines of Lee's army, and the situation is so contracted that there is little probability of another flank movement being successful. If the Chickahonethy is intended by Lee as the last line of defence, the position has been well chosen. The stream itself is peculiarly adapted to defensive warfare. The river is a annul one, and flows sluggishly. Is divides itself into half a dozen streamleta, running into and oat of each other at random. These water-courses occupy a apace about seventy yards in width. Immense trees grow up out of the water, and the entire stream is covered by thick woods. It is a remarkable instance of a river running through and watering along strip of woods. From each side of this woodland a flat surface extends for about half a mile. This Is nearly always overflowed, and becomes an impassable morass. It is only when the water in the river is very low that men can safely walk upon the ground bordering it. On these flat surfaces there is not a solitary tree. They are bare, and anything moving upon them can easily be discerned. From the borders of these plains huge bills, in some cases 200 and $00 feet high, abruptly rise. They are covered with thick woods, and are so steep that waggons cannot be hauled directly up their face. The few roads go down them diagonally to the bridges across the swamp and river. This Chickahominy valley, one of the strongest In America, is the outer defence of Biobmond. From the tops of the hills on the one side, across the swamp to the hilltops on the other aide, the distance varies from a mile to a mile and a half. The ordinary 12.pounder rifled Napoleon gun can just about throw a shell from one hilltop to the other. From the Fredericksburg Railroad. crossing down to Newbrldge, a distance of eight miles, the Confederate works are all along the hrnson its southern border.

 An attack, apparently not a very serious one, was made on General

Butler's position at Bermuda Hundred, on the 1st inst., but was, we

are informed, easily repulsed.

The Federal monitors in the James River had been attacked by

an iron-clad steamer, which had been driven back up the river after

an engagement of two hours' duration.

The Federals, under Sherman, continue to advance in Georgia; their cavalry had occupied Alton Pass. The Richmond newspapers claim a victory by Johnston over Sherman on the 28th nit.

The Confederates, by establishing batteries on the banks, had

seriously impeded the navigation of the Mississippi and Arkansas Rivers, and had destroyed several steamers.

The Federal gun-boats Granite City and Nyanga have been captured in the Calcasien River by the Confederates.

The Federal Government has announced that they are prepared to

pay in advance the interest on the public debt due on July 1. They have also raised the interest on temporary deposits to 6 per cent.

The Cleveland Convention has nominated Fremont for President and Coelerane for VicePresident, on the platform of universal freedom, the maintenance of a free press, free speech, the habeas corpus, an

the Monroe doctrine.

Gold has reached 92 premium.
The abip Kent which &xived. at Plymouth last week from

Melbourne, as boarded on the 24th of April, in let. 17 S., long. S W., by the

Confederate steamer Alabama, Captain Senunee. The ooer who boarded the Kent reported that the previous day they had burnt the Amerloan ship Bocklugham, bound from Callao for Queenetown with guano. He said they bad destioyed Several other &merlcat ships and had a great many prisoners on board.-:71a Alabama made her appearance In Oherbonrg Rarbonr on Saturday. After being duly autliorhed by the commandant of the place, 'she landed forty prisoners, whom the captain said, he bad taken out of Federal ships destroyed at sea. The Alabama Stands in great need of repaIris

and is to be permitted to have them done at Cherbourg.
TEE LATE CONFEDERATE GENERAL

J. B. B. STU.BT.

As a sequel to our Portraits of General Lee and

General Longstreet, published in the last two mum.

bers of this Journal, we have now engraved that

of J. B. 33. Stuart, who received his mortal wound

in a cavalry skirmish with the detachment under

General Sheridan at Ashland, in the neighbourhood of Richmond, on the 11th nit. This di5tjnujhed officer was born in Patrick County, Virginia, in 1885. He was educated at West Point military Academy, where he graduated in 1854. He first entered the Mounted Rifles as Brevet Second Lieutenant, and was shortly afterwards made Second Lieutenant in the let Cavalry; eight months later he was promoted to be First Lieutenant ; he distinguished himself in a fight with the Oheyennes, June 29,1857, audreceived a severe wound; he became a Captain in 1860, and was permitted by President Lincoln to resign three years ago, when the civil war broke out. He then entered the Virginia State service as a Colonel of cavalry, and had the command of that arm at the first battle of Bull Run. In Seutember following, he obtained much credit by his daring and audacity in an attack upon a Federal force at Lewnaville, Virginia, a few miles from the Federal capital. Meanwhile he had been made a Brigadier-General in the Confederate service, and he was soon promoted to be Ma) or-General. His next performance of consequence was an excursion within the Federal lines on the Patnunky River, during M'Clellan's campaign of 1862, at the head of 1000 horse end two guns. He again created a sensation, on the 22nd of August following, at Oatlett's Station, near the Rappahannock, where, in the midst of a thunderstorm, he came down upon General Pope's head-quarters, capturing his papers and private correspondence, and all the belongings of the staff. His greatest achievement, however, was during the month of October of that year, when, with 1800 cavalry and four cannon, he passed from the south of the Potomac, traversed Maryland, and, passing Mercersburg, Pennsylvania, at noon, entered Chamborsbuxg after dark of the same day. The town surrendered without resistance. The troopers remained until next day, took all the spoil they desired, destroyed a great amount of property, and retreated across the Potomac on the left of General M'Olellan's army without serious loss. General Stuart had headed the cavalry of the Confederate army from the outset through all its battles. After the fight at

 Ashland, the wounded General was carried into Richmond, where he died at eight o'clock in the evening of the next day, in the house of his relative, Dr. Brewer. The Richmond Examiner thus describes his latest hours:-"He had. occasional moments of delirium, when he reviewed in broken sentences all his glorious campaigns around MI Clellan's rear in the peninsula, beyond the Potomac, and upon the Rapid an; quoting from his orders, and issuing new ones to his couriers, with a last injunction to 'make haste.' At other times his mind was calm and clear. Mr. Jefferson Davis, the President, visited his bedside, and stayed a quarter of an hour. The President, taking his hand, said, 'General, how do you feel?' He replied, Easy, but willing to die, if God and my country think I have fulfilled my destiny and done my duty.' As his delirium returned, his mind, again wandered to the battle-fields over which he had fought, then to his wife and children, and again to the front. A message had been sent for his wife, who was in the country, to snake all haste. As evening wore on, the paroxysms of pain increased, and mortification set in rapidly. Though suffering

the greatest agony at times, he was now cairn and applied to the wound, with his own hand the ice intended to relieve the pain. During the evening he asked Dr. Brewer whether it was possible for him to survive through the night. The doctor, knowing he did not desire to be buoyed by false hopes, told him frankly that death was rapidly approaching. The General nodded, and said, 'I sin resigned, if it be God's will; but I would like to live to see my wife. But God's will be done.' Several times he roused up and asked if she had come. To the doctor, who sat holding his wrist and counting the weakening pulse, he remarked, 'Doctor, I suppose lam going fast now. It will soon be over; but God's will be done. I hope I have fulfilled. my destiny to my country and my duty to my God.' At half-past seven o'clock it was evident to the physicians that death was setting its clammy seal upon the brave, open brow of the General, and. they told him so, asking if he had. any last message to give. The General, with amind perfectly clear and possessed, then made disposition of his staff and personal effects. To Mrs. Lee, the wife of General Lee, he

directed that his golden spurs be given, as a dying

memento of his love and esteem for her huatnd.

To his Staff officers he gave hishorses. So particular

was he in small things, even in the dying hour, that

he said to one of his gaff, who was a heavy-buht man, You had better take the larger horse; he will early you better.' To his young son he left his glorious sword. His worldly matters closed,the eternal interests of his soul engaged his mind. Turning to the Rev, Mr. Peterkin, a minister of the Episcopal Church, of which General Stuart was a member, he asked him to sing a hymn, and joined in it with all the voice his strength would permit. He then joined in prayer with the minister. To the doctor he again said, 'I am goring fast now. I am resigned. God's will be done. Thus died General J. B. B. Stuart."
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

TROE plea-ant offlcIe, froi which the general pnble gather theIr eventng news have startled us latly by the different comnlezcn which they make the truth wear. Jetlng Pilate. a in laeon

beautiful essay, might well inquire what truth was, nur be expected o "tarry an answer," if be had Lt one weeks reading of the 2scrds of the pro-South and the p pro-North= josireala. heuuthern

journals give details which the pro-Northern arspw-a* least on their placards-unpleasant detazl, and Ore a -4w-d#-e- g*ow to the defeats and troubles of Grant winch m3son]d earn the eternal gratitude of that Caledonian -Yankee Thus, we bear that he has been reinforced; that be is viceoj; that he ha taken rifle-pits

outmarched, outflanked, and outwitted his enemy; and that the

Southern cause grows every day muse desperate. From the Siaadsrd placards we have a very different tale. Federal nisfeata form the staple of its announcements, and it rejoices so much in these thzt it does not, like the Star, throw in a "horrid murder' to enliven the syrapathies of its readers when low under pressure arid defeat. What. indeed, is one horrid murder, committed bys half-maddened sot or loi'e-strkkeu potboy, to the grand announceme "7000 Federals gain"? Do we sufficiently comprehend numbers to realise the fact in all its horrors? As many men killed as 'would fill one of our decent, pretty caunty towns; as many soldiers destroyed aawe have Mind- in the whale of England-certainly shout as many as garrison the south of our island; and for what? in an obscure skirmish at along distance fruin home and in an expedition which is pretty sure to be a failure. No wonder that the price of gold g up and up in the North, that the Government trembles, and that men prophesy a collapse in which the deceived and outraged people will turn on their rulers and rend them, Adversity will bear the same precious lesson to that very young nation which she brings to all; and it is to be hoped that a crowning defeat of Grant will bring an overture of peace. Opposed to victorious troops who are safe in rifle-pits and intrenchments, while his are in the open, and obliged to purchase every forward movement by an exhausting loss, even that brave and obstinate General must in all likelihood yiel& If, however, he should enter Richmond as a conqueror he will be President of the borth; if he fail, Mr. Lincoln will continue in power, stronger by a new lease, and able to make that peace which he so ardently desires.
Intelligence has been rece4is,Ljerpoiof thedetxiPtion

by re of the New York rlver.steaasr Berkshite inth1iienae oisv11 NCw York, and is dated Jmie 0. Tth despatch says ;-The s earner York&,fr. wss burned at Esops Island, eight miles below Readout. The fire origtnatel in the anip-room, caused by the explosiazi of a lamp.. The steamer had aboui

150 peseesgers, forty Of whom arc sepposed to be lost.

AMERICA.

The battle of the 3rd inst. in Virginia, rerred to in outlast, was a more serious matter than was at first stated. Grant appears to have attacked the Confederates in their works north of the Chickahom'iny, with the view of driving them across that river. He was repulsed with aloes of between 5000 and 6000 men (not 3000, as first announced), and the experience thus gained is stated to have convinced him that new combinations were necessary to effect the capture of Richmond. On the evening of the same day, and on the 5th and 6th, the Confederates became the assailants, but, according to Federal statements, they were everywhere repulsed. The latest news from New York, to the morning of the 11th inst., adds little further information. Rumours were current that General Grant had 'moved his left from Lee's front, and passed a portion of his troops over to the south bank of the Chick abominy at Dispatch Station, and that he intends tobesiege Lee's works. It seems certain that between the 3rd. and the 10th Grant had not again ventured to attack Lee's lines.

In Western Virginia General Hunter has fought and routed a Con

federate force under General Jones, who was killed.

Sherman had made a further advance, having got far on the road

to Marietta, a vital point in the approach to Atlanta.

A Federal gun-boat, the Water Witch,. had been captured ill

Ottaban Sound, Georgia.

In Kentucky the Confederates were making some show under

In  and on the Mississippi they held-Fort Columbia.

General Frmont and Colonel Cochrane have accepted the nomination of the Cleveland Convention.

Far more important than this, however, is the news that the Baltimore Con.ventioxi has unanimously hozxrinated Mr. Lincoln for President, and. 'Mr. Andrew Johnson for VicePresident, and that Lincoln has accepted his nomination.

President Lincoln has approved the proposal to amend the Federal

Constitution by the insertion of a clause prohibiting slavery.

The clause in the Enrolment Act which permits the commutation

of personal service for a p ayment of 300 dollars had been expunged by

Congress. -

A sanitary fair was opened-at Philadelphia on the 7th inst.

The officers of the Russian fleet had been entertained by the City Of

Boston at a grand banquet at the Revere lions e.  -

The citizens of Philadelphia had presented the wife of General 'Meade'-with a hstidsoniely.furnished house in that city.

,old, having reached 99, left off at'08 prem. on the 13th
THE FIGHT BETWEEN THE ALABAMA AND THE KABsAflGR OFF CHBRBOTTRG.

On of the most interesting naval engagements that has ever taken

place near our shores was that of Sunday morning, between the Confederate cruiser Alabama, commanded by Captain Semmes, and the Usited States war-steamer Keaeaarge, Captain Winslow. The Kearcage it has been usually called; but the Morning Sear 'which assumes to speak with authority upon all that concerns the Federal party, says that the correct spelling is Kearsarge, which name is derived from "a range of mountains in free New England." After an hour's fighting, the Alabama sank, and the victory remained with the Kearsarge, which was armed with two 11-inch (120-pounder) smoothbore colunibiads, besides six 32-pounders; while the Alabama had one 7-inch bore rifled pivot-gun forward, one 8-inch smoothbore pivot-gun at the stern, and six 82-pounders. It seems that the Alabama arrived in Cherbourg on the 11th lust, for the purpose of extensive repairs, after two years' service, latterly in the East Indies. Our readers may perhaps recollect that we published in our Number of April 2 an Engraving, from a sketch by Captain Allen Young, representing the Alabama in Ma]acca Straits on the day before Christmas Day, when she captured and destroyed the merchantvessel Martaban, or Texan Star. A day or so after her arrival at Cherbourg the Federal steamer Kearsarge arrived there also, and, instead of coming to anchor, continued to cruise backwards and forwards just outside the breakwater at Cherbourg, challenging the Alabama to fight. The Alabama immediately accented the challenge thus given, only asking for a few days to complete her arrangements. About ten o'clock on Sunday Morning the Alabama left Cherbourg harbour, and the Kearsarge was then several miles out to seaward, with her steam up ready for action. The French plated ship of war Couronne followed the Alabama out of harbour, and stopped when the vessels were a league off the coast; her object being to see that there was no violation of the law of nations by a fight taking place within the legal distance from land. The English steam-yacht Deerhound, belonging to Mr. John Lancaster, of Rindley Hall, Wigan, Lancashire, and the schooner-yacht Hornet, belonging to Mr. James Bryant, of the Royal Western Yacht Club, followed at a safe distance to witness the conflict. We are indebted to Mr. Bryant for the sketch from which our Engraving is made. The action is thus narrated by Captain Semmes, in his official report to Mr. J. M. Mason, the agent of the Government of the Confederate States in London

 Southampton, June 21, 1884.

Sir,-'-I have the honour to inform you that, in accordance with niyintentlon, as previously announced to you, I steamed out of the harbour of Cherbourg, between nine end ten o'clock on the morning of the 19% of June, for the purpose of engaging the enemy's steamer Kearsarge, which had been lying off and on the port for several days previously. Alter clearing the harbour we descried the enemy, with his head off shore, at a distance of about seven miles. We were three quarters of an hour in coming up with him. I had. previously pivoted my guns to starboard, and made all my preparations for engaging the enemy on that side. When 'within about a mile and a quarter of the euexnyhe suddenly wheeled, and, bringing his head in shore, presented his starboard battery to me. By this time we were distant about one mile from each other, when I opened on him with solid shot, to which he replied in afsw minutes, and the engagement became active on both aides.

The enemy now pressed his ship under a full head of steam; and to prevent

our passing each other too speedily, and to keep our respective broadeides bearing, it became necessary to fight in a circle, tbetwo ships steaming around a common centre, and preserving a distance from each other of from a quarter to halls mile. When we got within good. shell-range we opened upon him with shell. Some tenor fifteen minutes after the commencement of the action our spanker-gaff was shot away, and our ensign came down by the run. This was immediately replaced by another at the mirenmast-head. The firing now became 'very hot, and th enemy's shot and shell soon began to tell upon our hull, knocking down, killing, and. disabling a number of men in diirerent parts of the ship.

 Perceiving that our shell, though apparently exploding against the enemy's

sides, were doing bins but little damage, I returned to solid-shot firing, and

Irrm this time onward alternated with shot and shell.  -

Alter the lapse of about one hour and ten minutes our ship was ascertained

to be in a sinking condition, the enemy's shell having exploded in our sides end

between decks, opening large apertures, through which the water rushed with great rapidity.

For some few minutes I had hopes of being able to reach the French coast,

for 'which purpose I gave the ship all steam, and set such of the fore and aft

sails as were available. The ship filled so rapidly, however, that before we

had made much progress the fires were extinguished in the furnaces, and. we were evidently on the point of sinking. I now hauled down my colours,, to prevent the further destruction of life, and dispatched a boat to inform the enemy of our conon,

Although we were now but 400 yards from each other, the enemy area upon

me free times after my colours had been struck. It is charitable to suppose that a ship of war of a Christian nation could not have done this intentionally.

We now turned all our exertions towards, saving the wounded and such of the boys of the ship as were unable to swim. These were dispatched in my quarter-beats, the only boats remaining to ms-the waist-boats having been torn to pieces.

ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

As action in the Channel upon aSenday morning, when 79;A

man f0r peace and good will were being put up to Heaven, and thwas enjoying an amount of quietside in which he asawleiIgan hii chief happiness consists was an e went not to be pseeedover by oar numerous writers. Some determine to be moral about. it, a if war could be judged by the canons of morality. Sunday," says a

 in the if eels, "is very of ten desecrateef by men of diplomacy and men of war." But diplomacy, let as ius*waoe the Qinfereace, is to all intents a work of mercy and necanity; and war, having for its end something special in the minds of sach

batant, is. far above or below the ordinary rales of morality, which it necessary sets aside. The sympathies of the great body of the English are entirely with Czçitain Sesnsnes and his gallant am. Although some blame him for rashness, It is more than probable that his attack on the Kearsarge was a necessity. The Alsbaum h

done her work, end lies low in the ea her fit resting-place, leaving us to regret, at least, the brave English surgeon wis, at his wos4 below, went down with the patients to whom be had devoted himself. So strong and sympathetic a note did this am-fight stribe upon that in recording it. the leader-writer of the Daily rekyreop, a man unused to the melting mood, commences his lending avradle with a decent hexameter verse

Fstkons deep In Norman waties ties the good âsIp

an accidental piece of acaimion ever so much bettes than many of the

laboured Latin-English verses of &suthey and Longfellow.

A novel method of fighting General lee has been adopted-if we

believe the te]egramz-which we don't-by Genen] Grant. That

soldier has commenced" digging," that is, we suppcseheis about to undermine lee's poeition,wh th,by-the'way,thatprisdsamt coermandercasm, as we know, shift at a moment's notice, and, as his "an really means retiring to a stronger position, Mw pie for Grant. In the mean time, one or two little jottings unoben'ved in the great length of the telegrams peep out. Ten thousand mess have been lost in one week by the North; these include a1os of five thousand in a useless brushan affair f no moment-with Lee; and gold has risen to nearly double the value of the State currency -viz., 19'.l. This does not look as if the Northerners were very sanguine; and the knowledge that the South has really lost perhaps half as many (to them) more valuable lives, does not give us any comfort Cannot an attempt. be made to mediate? [sit not our dntytodo so? Let our offer be that ef a peaceenaker, as humble, as gentle as it can be, but at least let it be made before circumstances crop out which will render interference as insulting as it will be useless.
Some twenty minutes after my fernace fires had been extinguished, and the ship being on the point of settling, every man, In obedience to a previous order which had been given the crew, jumped overboard and endeavoured to save himself.

There was no appearance of any boat coming to me from the enemy after ray ship went down. Fortunately, however, the steam yacht Deerhoundowned by a gentleman of Lancashire, England, Mr. John Lancaster, who was himself on board-steamed up in the midst of my drowning men and rescued a number of both officers and men from the water. I was fortunate enough myself thus to escape to the shelter of the neutral flag, together with about forty others, all told.

About this time the Keareerge sent one, and then, textile, another bat.

At the end of the engagement it was discovered by those of our officers who

went alongside the enemy's ship with the wounded that her midsbipsectton on both sides was thoroughly iron-coated this having been done with chain constructed for the purpoae, placed perpeidIcnlat]y from the rail to the water's edge, the whole covered over by a thin outer planking, which gave no md.!Cstion of the armour beneath.

This planking had been ripped ON in every direction by our shot and hcll, the chain broken and indented in ninny places, end forced pertly into the ship's side. She was moat effectually guarded, however, in this section from penetration. The enemy was much damaged In other parts, but to what extent It Is now Impossible to tell; it is believed he was badly crippled.

My efficere and men behaved steadily and gallantly; end, though they have lost their chip, they have not lost honour.

Where all behaved so well, it would be invidious to particularize ; but I

~11, my First Lieutenant,

First Lieutenant, W~~Kd sidy Want Into aeffon

'at

g the eas e se n re I t

cgtcrcd ~b~ the dth b; code

he tte d I room B bt p at r

U u 'ho' so

or ' d yi gl

not- rcy el' p h 't'o t e con I ne

en rit at

d jud

'or U , I e ~Me

d~. rb. -.g

me at Ice by b -In. I btt

onemy ashes r t an _If,

be vis h my both Ill. P,

114 not W rm~  . on 0 or t as d W no ott Was v b tah W I ~led n

total in nod and w.undeI U thi rty_to wIt, a tw, ty

One 'wounded.

I have the honour to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P., SxtrnaES, Captain.

The Deerhound brought to Southampton Captain Setnmea, thirteen

officers, and twenty-six men of the Alabama, who have thus escaped the fate of their comrades taken on board the Kearsarge and made prisoners of war. The crew of the Alabama was about lˆO at the time she went out to fight. The Kearsarge returned to Clierboneg and anchored there in the afternoon. She had on board sixty-two of the Alabama's crew, and nine more were saved by a French pilotboat. Ten wounded Confederates and three wounded Federals were taken to the Cherbourg hospital.

W0 shall be able, in our next week's Number, to present some

additional Illustrations of this naval duel in the English Channel.

The sketch taken by Mr. Bryant on board the Hornet is engraved on another page. It was received by us on Tuesday, accompanied with the following note from that gentleman, to whom we owe our best thanks for his prompt assistance so courteously offered

itydo, Isle of Wight, Monday, J11118 id, Liii.

flir,-Having 'witnessed the fight between the Alabanla and the ICearsarge

yesterday morning off Cherbourg, I inclose a sketch done at the time the Alabama went down. Jf you will kindly put it in your Paper I shall feel

shiged. Yours, truly, Jssa Baxa.ˆri'.
BOTH the Northern and Southern Americans lay so much stress upon their religious proclivities that it was a little remarkable that Captains Semmes and Winslow should select Sunday morning, in church time, for having a fight. Old World heathens, like Napoleon and Wellington, might do such things, but we scarcely expected such flagrant anti-Sabbatarianistu from our Transatlantic friends. But we are reminded that the same day has been several times during the war devoted to the work least suited to it. And on Sunday morning last the Alabama came out of Cherbourg for her first and last battle. The details are well known. It was not a Shannon and Chesapeake affair, as the vanquished ship was not captured; but, after an hour's fierce firing from the starboard sides the vessels describing large circles, the Alabama found she had enough, and a little more. The columbiads of the Kearsarge had done their work fatally, but the Confederate commander ceased firing only because his ship was sinking, A little later, and the Alabama was safe at the bottom of the sea, to trouble merchautmen no more ; the captain, with nearly all his officers and several of his crew, was safe on board an English yacht, hurrying to Sóuthanipton; and. the remainder of the crew, with a not very large deduction, considering the fierceness of the affray and the catastrophe, were wounded or prisoners on board the Kearsarge, who took them back to Cherbourg.

Nothing could be bolder than the way the Alabama met her fate, and yet we do not like to say too much about the bravery of her men because so many of them were Englishmen, and the gunners learned their work on board the Excellent. They fought as English sailors always do; and, had the Alabama been as well armed as her enemy, ancihad shebeen able to fortify her sides with extempore defences of iron, the result might have been different, and Captain Semmes might have had to burn the Kearsarge. This said, and due tribute added to the courage of Captain Semmes and his officers, and to the seamanlike way in which they handled their vessel, we may dismiss compliment. We never, of course, could kindle ourselves into the red-hot admiration which inflamed some of our contemporaries at the deeds of the Alabama. She was obtained by a trick which it is not now worth calling by a hard name, but here was the original blot on her flag. Then, a remarkably fast sailer, it was not very difficult for her to make prize of scores of merchantmen and to keep out of the way of the avengers.

 lug order. Captain Semmes can do the North no harm while be remains here. England will not allow him to obtain another war-ship if she can help it; and the Federals have but to look to their blockade, if they wish to catch him or to prevent his being placed in command of a real Confederate vessel. We dare say, however, that he will run the blockade, and will be heard of again upon the sea; and therefore we hasten to mention that, if so, the fault will not be otra. The Deerhornid could not leave him to be drowned, especially after having been. asked to save him, and all the rest will be the natural sequence of an act of humanity.

But there is one incident of the fight that deserves graver mention. Who can withhold a tribute of admiration to the real hero of that Sunday morning. He was not fighting in. despair, or as an avenger, he had no honour and glory to win. or lose, he had not even the excitement of mere combat. He was at his post, however, doing his duty to the last, and then dying in doing more than his duty, This was Mr. LleweUyn, the brave surgeon of the Alabama, and, we are proud to write, an Englishman, the son, we believe, of a country clergyman.. While the terrible shells were dashing the Alabama to pieces, Mr. Llewellen attended to the wounded; arid, when the vessel was sinking, he might have been saved, had he chosen. to accept a place in the boat in. which the wounded were being removed, But he bad kept back an unhurt man, who was pressing into that boat, with the words, "See, I am as desirous to be saved as you, but I will not go in a boat which I might endanger ;" and when the men cried to the "doctor" to come in with them, he refused. We grieve to add that he went down. The noble profession to which he belonged may well be proud of such a man, though it is nothing new to find the " doctor" the bravest of the brave. When the tale of the fate of the Alabama is told, its story will be ill related if the hearers do not feel that the true hero of the day was Llewellyu, the surgeon.
suited to it. And on Sunday morning last the Alabama came out of Cherbourg for her first and last battle. The details are well known. It was not a Shannon and Chesapeake affair, as the vanquished ship was not captured; but, after an hour's fierce firing from the starboard sides the vessels describing large circles, the Alabama found she had enough, and a little more. The columbiads of the Kearsarge had done their work fatally, at the Confederate commander ceased firing only because his ship was sinking, A little later, and the Alabama was safe at the bottom of the sea, to trouble merchautmen no more;- the captain, with nearly all his officers and several of his crew, was safe on board an English yacht, hurrying to Southampton; and the remainder of the crew, with a not very large deduction, considering the fierceness of the affray and the catastrophe, were wounded or prisoners on board the Kearsarge, who took them back to Oherbourg.

Nothing could be bolder than the way the Alabama met her fate, and yet we do not like to say too much about the bravery of her men because so many of them were Englishmen, and the gunners learned their work on board the Excellent. They fought as English sailors always do; and, had the Alabama been as well armed as her enemy, andhad she been able to fortify her sides with extempore defences of iron, the result might have been different, and Captain Semmes might have had to burn the Kearsarge. This said, and due tribute added to the courage of Captain Semmes and his officers, and to the seamanlike way in which they handled their vessel, we may dismiss compliment. We never, of course, could kindle ourselves into the red-hot admiration which inflamed some of our contemporaries at the deeds of the Alabama. She was obtained by a trick which it is not now worth calling by a hard name, but here was the original blot on her flag. Then, a remarkably fast sailer, it was not very difficult for her to make prize of scores of inerchantmen and to keep out of the way of the avengers. She never bad a fight-we do not say that she ought to have bad one, her business being to ruin Federal commerce-but she once lured a gun-boat near her by pretending to be English, and then sank her with a broadside. That washer only martial exploit until the day she came out to meet retribution. That she has destroyed great numbers of helpless vessels, and had a room full of their chronometers, kept as the Indian keeps his scalps, shows that she did her appointed work exceedingly well, but it is not work that Englishmen can. regard with much enthusiasm. Captain Semmes, having now proved that he could fight nobly, at the fitting time, has acquired a far higher claim to the admiration of this country than he ever had while he was only racing about the ocean and destroying ships that could not resist him. Even now, though it 18 permitted to Southampton to make capital of every celebrity or notoriety, it will 1e in better taste to avoid any

 • public demonstration of homage to the Confederate Captain.

We hope that when the journals of this day reach America, the delight which the Northerners will feel at the destruction of the Alabama will not be materially qualified by the news that her commander has escaped. At least we trust that no animosity will be felt against England because an Englishman rescued Captain Semmes from the sea. We are quite sure that the owner of the Deerhound did not intend to defy the Republic. He was asked by the èaptain of the Rearsarge to go to the help of the sinking Confederates, and did so, and, having happened to pick up the Southern captain, could do nothing else than take him away to Southampton, No one will say that Mr. Lancaster ought to have brought the wounded and exhausted man to the Kearsarge and banded him over as a prisoner. We think that Mr. Lancaster showed tact, and consideration for both the Republic and Fnglaud by hastening away; for had the Federals, flashed with victory, overhauled the Deerhound and taken off Semmes, we should assuredly have acted as we didin. thtaff air of the Trent. All embroilment was saved by the Derhound being in goodsteam
