PAST DANGER AND PRESENT DUTY.

To our inexpressible relief and gratification we were able to

announce in our last Number that the Government at Wash

ington had definitively acquiesced in the claim, made upon them

by the British Government for the restoration of the persons

taken from, on board the Trent by the Captain of the San J'acinto to the protection of the flag beneath which they were illegally seized. A calm review of the facts of the case, an attentive and dispassionate perusal of the diplomatic correspondence, and a fresh survey of the fearful calamity from which this decision has rescued both countries, have increased rather than lessened our thankfulness for this peaceful issue of the dierence which three weeks ago looked so theatening

¥ Both the countries concerned have reason to rejoice, for, in the event of war, no matter which of the two may have been the victor, it could have become so only by passing over the mangled remains of its own most cherished polidy.

Besides the usual and inevitable evils inseparable. from a hostile collision between two great Powers-the waste of blood and treasure, the interruption of trade, and the demoralisation of the people on both sides-war with the Federal State of America would have forced upon Great Britain an immediate, and perhaps a permanent, sacrifice of one of her foremost national purposes-namely, the extinction of the slave trade and the discouragement of slavery all the world over. Whatever, may have been the grounds upon which the States of the North

have come into conflict with those of the South-whatever may be the professed object for which they are carrying it on, at such immense cost to themselves, and hitherto with so little apparent success-at whatever time and in whatever way it may be'iiltimately decided-one thing is certain, that as slavery was the remote cause of the quarrel between North and. South, so, but for foreign intervention, slavery will be weakened, and in the end destroyed, by the prosecution of the struggle. Quite apart from the will of either of the belligerents, this seems to be one - of the unavoidable consequences of the present civil war-the only one, we may add, which the people of England have contemplated with anything approaching to a feeling of satisfaction. A war with the 'Federal
States would instantly have coerced us into unwelcome but not the less mischievous complicity with the bitterest opponents of that policy with which, more than any other nation upon the face of the earth, we have identified the name and fame of England, for which we have made the largest sacrifices and braved the ill-will of other maritime Powers, and the final success of which seemed even to the most moderate expectation to be very close at hand. England, allied with a confederation of slaveholding States, the corner-stone of whose constitution is not merely the lawfulness but the expediency of slavery, and the thinlyveiled object of whose policy is the wide extension of slave territory and the speedy revival of the slave trade-England, xecognising such a confederation, and thereby imparting to it a vitality and strength which it neither possesses nor deserves, and assisting it to make good its position against the Free States of the North, from which, for the sake of perpetuating and extending slavery, it wantonly seceded ;-such a position as this would have been for our country a cruel necessity, entailing upon it a humiliation, and exhibiting to the world a scandal, for which no military nor naval success could have been accepted as adequate compensation. Thank God, we have escaped the danger.

 And yet, with this miserable contingency before their eyes, we do not see how the British Government could safely or honourably have declined to front it, nor how they could have met the embarrassment in which it placed them more wisely or with more dignity than they have done. As soon as the facts relating to the capture of Messrs. Mason and Slidell on board the Trent steamer had been laid before them, they were calmly referred to the law officers of the Crown for judicial investigation as to the bearing in which they stood to the law of nations; and, on the report of those responsible officers that the Captain of the San Jacinto had taken upon himself to execute judgment on his individual, arid of course unrecognised, authority, without appealing to the decision of a Prize Court, and had thereby offered an affront to our flag, Earl Bussell irnmediateiy forwarded to Lord Lyons, our Minister at Washington, a despatch, couched in the most courteous terms, assuming that the act of aggression could not have been committed with the authority or approbation of the Federal Government, and intimating that the only reparation which this country could accept would be a restoration of the captured gentlemen to the protection of the British flag. Confident as her Majesty's Ministers may have been in the expectation that Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Seward would see not only the justice but the policy of admitting this claim, it believed them in common prudence to make instant and effectual preparation for the disagreeable alternative. Winter was setting in. Canada, in the event of war, would lie exposed to the first hostile blow from the Federal States. She was wholly unprepared. The quarrel was not hers. England was bound to place her, if possible, in a position of security before the rigour of the climate should preclude all access to her along her own coasts. Hence the despatch to Washington was immediately followed by the dispatch of troops to Quebec and Halifax. AU available means were taken to strengthen the fleet. In short, while earnestly desiring peace, and shaping their course so as to facilitate to the utmost its preservation, the British Government exhibited the greatest promptitude, activity, and forethought in making ready for war. In both respects, we believe, they secured the approbation of the country.

 Mr. Seward's despatch to Lord Lyons has happily averted the dreaded rupture of amicable relations between the two peoples. He has justified our claim-he has surrendered the prisoners. Let us accept with generosity what has been conceded with a show of cheerfulness, His able despatch might, under other circumstances, provoke criticism. Its conclusion should disarm any such desire. A mutual analysis of national motives would do neither nation the least good, and would probably exhibit neither to unmixed advantage. On both sides irritating questions might be asked which it would be difficult to answer in any way that would net exasperate. We have asked the Federal Union to do us right, and they have done it, openly admitting that what we asked was justifiable and reasonable. Betweenindivideal gentlemen such a course is held to bury the offence out of sight, and the propriety of the rule is equally iecognised by nations,

had sent out to the Government at Washington a courteous but firm demand for reparation, and inasmuch as it could not b ,known that such demand would be rejected, there had been less of angry excitement during the interval. That portion of the public press which for the last month has been labouring with great power, and, we are compelled to confess, with too much success, to inflame the warlike passions of the British people by parading before them as a premeditated and defiant insult what turns out to have been the rash and foolhardy act of a naval captain, committed on his own responsibility, has done itself and the people of this country but little credit. Had it been necessary to stimulate our own rulers to the performance of what was due to the honour of this nation, some extenuation, if not excuse, might have been pleaded for pursuing this course. But no such necessity existed, or was believed to exist. Neither could the extravagant and fierce denunciation of the American people and their institutions contribute in the smallest degree to the pacific decision of the Federal Government; for the greater part of it will have been read across the Atlantic only after the offence has been disclaimed and the reparation made. Unhappily, we have allowed ourselves to be goaded into an unseemly display of passionate indignation, without any 'obvious necessity and before the fitting occasion for it had arisen, to the manifest danger of increasing the in-will of America and the exposure of ourselves to ridicule in the eyes of foreign nations. The inconvenience which will, no doubt, accrue to us from this want of self -restraint may well teach us that, when a people have taken the proper steps to vindicate their national honour, it becomes them to await the issue with selfpossession and calm forbearance.

 The events of the past month will, we trust, impress upon the minds of our countrymen another lesson. The occasion has been one on which the Emperor of the French, if actuated by the secret hostility to this country which not a few have per. sistently laid to his charge, might, without going out of his way, have turned to a selfish account by leaving it to take its course. A war between England and America would have made him master of the situation in Europe. Once more, as in the presence of the Indian mutiny, he has rebuked our distrust by the loyalty of his behaviour. He chose to throw the whole weight of his immense influence with the Cabinet at Washington into the scale of peace by urging a frank concession of our demand. We trust the fact so honourable to his Government will be borne in mind when next an attempt is made to sow between him and ourselves the seeds of a groundless suspicion.

Lastly, let us, in parting from this subject, express our earnest hope, as we have taken occasion to do more than once already, that the difficulty from which we have just escaped will lead to a liberal revision of maritime law. It is susceptible of vast amendments in favour of neutral commerce, and, we believe, the policy of Great Britain has hitherto been the chief obstacle to their being effected. If the painful excitement through which we have passed should conduce to the framing' and establishment of a clear and reasonable maritime code, the benefit will have been cheaply purchased by the outlay to which we have been subjected by the affair of the Treat. In that case the event will have furnished the happiest modern solution of Samson's riddle, "Out of the eater came forth meat,, and out of the strong came forth sweetness."
Mr. Seward's despatch to Lord Lyons has happily averted the dreaded rupture of amicable relations between the two peoples. He has justified our claim-he has surrendered, the prisoners. Let us accept with generosity what has been conceded with a show of cheerfulness. His able despatch might, under other circumstances, provoke criticism. Its conclusion should disarm any such desire. A mutual analysis of national motives would do neither nation the least good, and would probably exhibit neither to unmixed advantage. On both sides irritating questions might be asked which it would be difficult to answer in any way that would not exasperate. We have asked the Federal Union to do us right, and they have done it, openly admitting that what we asked was justifiable and reasonable. Between individual gentlemen such a course is held to bury the offence out of sight, and the propriety of the rule is equally recognised by nations, We should be sorry, therefore, to demean ourselves by raking among the ashes of the past for matter of offensive comment, or food for self-complacency. There is in any such attempt a revolting malignancy and pettiness'of spirit which true and magna. n±inous Englishmen will scorn to countenance. Reparation having been made, bygones become bygones. The wretch who shakes bands over his antagonist's apology and concession, and thereupon begins to reopen his complaint, displays himself as a pitiable example of impotency in the government of his own passions. If the smendc 1wno&Z' fails to satisfy him, he is justly believed to be nursing a wicked design beneath a pretended regard for the unsullied purity of his name. Great Britain, we axe certain, will not be guilty of that unspeakable meanness. What has been frankly yielded, even though more tardily than she could have wished, will be as frankly received, Why it was not offered before she will forbear to inquire; and no one better then she knows, and none more fully than she can appreciate, the difficulty of at once closing the ears and the heart against the whispered insinuations of national pride. The last American war was occasioned by our failing to determine in time what we resolved, when too late, to surrender. We have reason. to be thankful that Mr. Lincoln did not delay his decision beyond the limit allowed him for deliberation.

We may extract if we will from the anxious experience through which we have just passed two or three lessons that may be of service to the world generally as well as to ourselves in particular. We have already recorded our emphatic approbation of the steps taken by her Majesty's Ministers to obtain redress for the injury inflicted upon us by Captain Wilks. We sincerely wish that, inasmuch as it was well known that they
AMERIOA.

By the arrival of the Edinburgh and Nova Scotiari we have news

from New York to the 4th inst. The chief points of interest are the

departure of Messrs. Mason and Slidell and their secretaries, aLd the suspension of cash payments by the United-States' Treasury aad the banks.

THE DEPARTURE OF MESSRS. MAS0 AND SLIDELL.

The Boston Trareiler of the 30th ult. says:

There teas no communication with Port Warren on the 55th, in cansoqasuca

of the gale, end the prisoners taken from the Trout were ignorant of the

decision of the National Government in favour of their release. Next day

newspapers were carried down, containing the official correspondence, and Mr.

Mason was noticed at the window of his room perusing the intelligence with

a smile of satisfaction upon his countenance.

On the let inst., at eleven o'clock, the four prisoners left Fort Warren, in Boston Harbour, very quietly, and went on board the steam tug-boat Starlight, and were conveyed toProvincetown, on the northern extremity of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, where they were received by the British steam gun-boat P.inaido, which was to convey them to Halifax. Nova Scotia, whence they would be conveyed to England by the Cunard steamer.

THE EUGENIA SMITE CASE.

Orders have been given by the Government for the release of Misers.

Zacehiri and Rogers, taken from the British schooner Eugenia Smith

by the United States' steamer Santiago do Gobs.

THE DELIBERATIONS OF THE CABINET.

A usually well-informed correspondent of the Nose York Vi-ilnssss

gives the following account of what passed within the White House in

 reference to the Trent affair

Atthe flrstCabinet meeting held after the seizure of Messrs. Slidell and Masse, the President expressed himself in favour of restoring them to the protection of the British fig if it should be demanded. Me said it was doubif ci if the coerso of Captain WOks could be justified by international law; and that, at all events, he could not afford to have two wars on his hands at the same jima. Attorney-General Bates echoed this opinion. He thought the setztre uuj cuuSable, and was in favour of giving up the men capon demand. Secretary Seward was non-committal. The other members of the Cabinet disagreed with Mr. Lincoln positively; and Secretary Chase argued forcibly and with warmth that the course recommended by the President would be dieisononrable to the United States as a nation. Thus matters stood until the first belligerent note from England. No further cuisosstone took place, nor was the question again mooted in the Cabinet until Christmas Day. The despateli from Earl Russell to Lord Lyons was delivered at the State department on Saturday, as we telegraphed the next day, and Mr. Soevaci immediately went to work on his reply. Remembering the views of the Cabinet previously expressed, Mr. Lincoln was not in haste to call them together. One meeting iran adjourned to prevent premature discussion, and another on the regular day did not take place. The first was on Christmas Day, and after Lord Lyons had made his communication. Immediately Il. Thouvenel's despatch had been delivered, Mr. Seward's reply was read to the Council, in a session prolonged for five hours. The despatch of 1,1. Thouvanel Isad convinced the opponents of the policy of surrender that the public opinion of Europe would sustain England, and it was used to secure unanimity in that policy. Mr. Seward's despatch, however, was subjected to much criticism. Many alterations and modifications we.u suggested. The next day a revised copy was read to the adjourned Cabinet meeting; farther changes were suggested; and the despatch, as a whole, was not approved and adopted until Friday morning.

 THE TONE OF THE PRESS,

The tone of the American press, taken as a whole, is much leis hostile to England since the settlement of the Trent difficulty than it had been for many months previous. The Philadelphia papers are more bitter than those of New York and Boston. There is, however, an uneasy impression abroad that the British Government is only seeking an opportunity for breaking the blockade of the Southern ports for the sake of dismembering the Union and procuring a supply of

cotton.

THE SUSPENSION OF CASE PAYMENTS.

On Saturday evening, the 28th tilt., the New York bankers held a meeting and agreed to suspend cash payments from the 30th tilt, This example was followed by the banks throughout the country. The specie in the vaults of the New York banks had fallen from 30,000 000 to 24,000,000 dole. Exchange on England had risen to 113, gold was already at a premium of l to 2 per cent. The banks had informed the Government that they could give it no more aid. They refused to take the fourth loan of 50,000,000 dole, asked by the Federal Government. The scheme of Mr. Chase for superseding the ordinary bank currency by an issue of Government notes had been dropped. The commercial classes were pressing on Congress the necessity of providing a revenue to the amount of at least 150,000,000 dole. The popular subscriptions to tlienational loan are now merely nominal in New York, not amounting to 100,000 dole. a week

WASHINGTON.

The Senate has agreed to Mr. Summer's resolution, asking the President to transmit to the Senate all the correspondence which has taken pines since the Paris Congress in relation to neutral and belligerent rights upon the ocean,

Mr. Stevens had introduced into the House of Representatives a bill for abolishing Southern ports of entry.

The Navy Department had sent out specifications inviting proposals from -shipbuilders throughout the country for the construction of ironclad steam-batteries. The commission appointed to examine the Stevens floating-battery had reported against it.

General M'Clellan had been confined to his bed for ten days by a

depressing attack of low typhoid fever. At last accounts hiss health

had somewhat improved.
The Comte de Paris and the Due de Chnrtres, acting, it is said, on the advice of their mother, had resigned their commissions in the Federal service.

New-Year's Day was marked by especial cordiality on the part of the diplomatic corps. All the Foreign Ministers, with their Legations, were present at the official reception at the White Rouse, and all subsequently called on the Secretary of State. The presence of the entire British and French Legations at both places was especially noticed.

THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

There have been destructive fires both in Nashville, Charleston, and Richmond. In the former city the commissary stores, including a portion of the Ordnance Department, and veined at one million dollars, were destroyed. In Richmond the theatre had been destroyed.

The Confederates in Kentucky had destroyed a large portion of the

railway between Louisville and Nashville.

The Charleston Mercury states that a large Federal force from Beaufort had landed at North Edisto, on the South Carolina

CANADA.

The return of the chief emigration agent of the Canadian Government for the year 1861 shows that the troubles in the neighbouring country have partially turned the tide of European emigration towards Canada. The gross total of persons landed in 1861 was 19,923, against only 10,150 in 1860. This gives an increase of nearly 100 per cent; and the agent "has every reason to believe" that the year just entered upon will show, if Canada is spared the calamity of war, as large an increase of immigration in 1862 over that of 1861 as that of 1861 was in excess of the previous year. The nationalities of the

immigrants were:-Norwegians, 8814; English, 3579; Irish, 3160

 Scotch, 2011; Germans, 2182; Russian Poles, 27; French, 10; united States' Citizens, 12; Canadians and others, 371. The destination of about half was the United States.

ADDITIONAL OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE ON THE,

TRENT AFIPAM,

IN Tuesday's Gazette are published some documents making an important addition to the large mass of official correspondence which has already been published with reference to the MasonSlidell case. These documents more immediately concern the course of our own. Foreign Office in the matter.

On the 19th of December Earl Russell wrote to Lord Lyons, giving the details of an interview which took place on that day between his. Lordship end Mr. Adams, the American Minister. On that occasion Mr. Adams communicated to our Foreign Secretary the substance of Mr. Seward's despatch, declaring that Captain Wilke, in seizing the two Southern Commissioners and 'their secretaries, had acted without the authority of the Washington Government, which stood" quite nnoornmined" on the question at issue. The noble EarFs comment upon this eaplanationwas, that he" thought itwould stand in place of an apology." On the point which still remained to he settled, Lord Lyons was instructed as follows-" If he (hEr. Seward) asks what will ha the consequence of his refusing compliance, I think you should say that you wish to leave him and the President quite free to take their own course, and that you desire to abstain from anything. like menace." Mr. Adams asked Lord Russell point-blank, "whether, if Lord Lyons came away a declaration of war would bathe immediate consequence?" -a question to which the noble Earl replied that "nothing was decided on that point; we should wait for a reply from America, and then decide upon our course."

In a despatch dated Jan. 11, Lord Russell has the satisfaction of announcing to our Minister at Washington-who is thanked for the "discretion and good temper" he has manifested in. this important matter-that the liberation of the prisoners and the explanations offered by Mr. Seward "constituted the reparation which her Majesty and the British nation had a right to expect." His Excellency was, however, informed that her Majesty's Government could not asaeui to the conclusions arrived at by the Federal Secretary of State on aomp points of international law, and that the discussion of these questions, eould form the subject of a special despatch. "In the meantime," adds Lord Russell,." it 'sill be desirable that the commanders of abs United States' crusers should he instructed not to repeat acts for which the British Government will have to ask for redress and which the United States' Government cannot undertake to justify."
ILLUSTRATION OF TEE WAR IN AMERICA.

THE ADVANCED 1'OST OF GENERAL BTAKER'S DIVISION SUAPRISED BY CONFEDERATE CAVALRY.

Vein Special Artist in the Federal camp, visiting the advanced posts

on the 12th nit., came upon General Blenker's pickets at Anandale, about ten miles from Washington. Whilst he was in the neighbou.r hood a dash was made at them by a squadron of Confederate cavalry_ fine, rough-looking fellows, dressed in nondescript uniforms, red shirts, grey tenics; some with boots and some without; armed with sabres

nd revolvers. Many of them were very powerfully built, and as they rushed in among the men of the 45th New York they clutched at them and dragged thirteen off at a gallop. Three or four were killed on each aide. An Engraving of this dashing attack, from a sketch by our Special Artist, is given at page 61.
Inn 'JöITfl  y&!][¥'

The Queen has approved o Mr. James Q. Howard as  I

at St. John, New ]lrunswiek, for the United. States of America; of Mr. If. S.uncnkalb as Consul at Point do Galls, Ceylon, for the King of Prussia ; of Mr. ltodolph Zapp as Consul at Singapore, for the King of Ifonover; aaI of Don Pio de Emparo.nza am Consul, and of Don Naroioo Perez PetiCto

V03Consul ab Sierra Leone, for the Queen of Spain.
TEE GREAT INTERNATIONAL RAILWAY SUSPENSION

BRIDGE OVER THE- NIMI-LEL RIVER.

Tans magnificent work was erected for the purpose of connecting the New York Central and the Great Western of Canada Railways, and the oust was contributed by both companies in equal portions. It is by means of this bridge only that an unbroken journey can be made from New York, or Boston, to the western part of Canada, without changing carriages; the consequence of which is, that the best and cheapest route to the west, not only of Canada, but also of the United States, is still by the New York Central and the Great Western of Canada Railways, although many other western routes have sprung into existence since this was completed. Chicago and the western prairie country generally are raohed by this route more easily than by any other, as is also Detroit and all parts of Michigan.

The great bridge the subject of our present notice'was not the first of the kind which spanned the gorge of the Niagara River, an ingenious suspension-bridge having been constructed across it many years ago by Mr. C. Ellet.t, but of very fragile and temporary character when compared with the present work.

The Niagara Railway Suspension-bridge was erected prom the

designs, and under the personal superintendence, of Mr. John A. Roebling, at a cost of 400,000 dols. The first engine crossed over is on the 8th of March, 1855. It carries a double line of rails on the upper part-, and an ample roadway for carriages below.

- The plan adopted in the construction of this suspension-bridge differs

materially from those usually built in England. Instead of flat wrought

iron plate-links, connected together by pins passing through their

extremities, Mr. Roebling uses a simple wire-cable or rather four wire

cables, each lOin, in diameter, and composed of 3670 separate wires, the whole of the cables being capable of bearing a weight of 12,000 tons

the actual load they carry never exceeds 1000 tons. The wire ropes are securely anchored in the solid rook, OOIt. below the surface; they pass over the summits of four solid stone towers, SOft, in height. Beside the wire cables there are 624 suspending-rods, whose ultimate strength is equal to 18,720 tons; these support the roadway at different parts, and are connected with the cables above. There are also sixtyfour over-floor stays, 'whose ultimate strength is 1920 tons, and fifty-sin river-stays, whose ultimate strength is 1080 teas; these latter stave extend from the bridge to the rocks on either side of the ravine. The total length of span lbetween the towers is SOOft., and the "railway track," as it is always celled in America, is 850ft, above the surface of the water in the river.

The great object sought 'to be obtained in this remarkable bridge

after strength to carry its load, was, rigidity; for in all suspension

bridges, as ordinarily constructed, the deflection and oseillation would

be such as to entirely prevent their being used for the purposes o

carrying railway traffic. - The liagaxa Suspeusiosi Railwaybridge although not perfectly rigid, Is sufficiently so to allow of heavily-laden trains passing over it at a maximum speed of five miles per hour; even

I then a very considerable deflection takes place, but not such as to in.

any way betray weakness on the oontrary1 it is rather en 1ndicatioz
of strength, as showing the correct action of all its parts, by which means a true bearing is obtained over every part of it.

A wonderful amount of ingenuity and mechanical skill is displayed in the construction of the roadway, which forms a species of lattice or tubular girder, the railway track being on the top outside, and the carriage roadway on the -bottom inside. The frequent admixture of wood and iron, and the numberless small bolts and screws passing through the former material, will require .constatic care and supervision to prevent decay occurring, and may probably cause the cost of maintenance of the bridge to be excessive. Portons are now being constantly renewed, and always with an increased strengthening of the parts. The bridge, however, taken as a whole, must be looked upon a decided success and a triumph of American engineering skill; while the advantages of a perfect communication between the United States and the most valuable portions of the British possessions in North America cannot be overrated. The general effect of the Niagara Suspension-bridge is thtt of extreme lightness and beauty; -the situation in which it is placed is exceedingly fine, being in view of the Great Falls, while below, it the Niagara River rushes through its confined channel, a: foaming, noisy rapid lšOft. deep, almost as terrible in its roar and force as the mighty cataract itself. -

A. bridge similar to the Niagara Suspension-bridge, and of even greater

span, but only carrying an ordinary roadway, ha- been built over the River

& John, in the city of St. John, in New Brunswick. This bridge, some

time after it was erected, gave way during a terrific gale of wind. The am

pension cables remained sound and fully equal to their duty; but the roadway had been insecurely connected with the abutments, and it broke adrift at that point. The whole length of roadway oscillated many feet clear of the abutment altogether, yet only a portion of it gave way, the bridge proving itself in all other respects equal to withstanding strains that it never was expected to be subjected to.
I

On the 26th of December the Government stables at Wash

ington were destroyed by fire. Between 200 and 300 homes were either burnt

to death or received such injuries that it was deemed huinano to destroy

them More than 1000 sets of harness were also destroyed

__t__ -I---- --------
AERIOA,

By the arrival of the Etna we have news from New York to the, evening of the 11th mat.

WAIL NEWS.

General M'Cielian had not yet fully recovered from his attack of typhoid fever, but had taken several airings in a carriage.

General Bnrnside' expedition had left Annapolis and would rendezvous at Hampton Roads. The precise destination of this expedition has been kept a profound secret. The Boston Traveller atmonaces that several divisions of the army of the Potomac will reinforce this expedition.

A fight is reported to have taken place at Hnntersvjlle, in Western

Virginia, in which the Confederates retired with loss in hued, wounded, clothing, and stores,

A portion of the Mississippi expedition had already started on

mission, which is supposed to be an attack on Nashville.

The steamer Vanderbilt had arrived in New York from Port Royal with about 700 full bales -of Sea Island cotton.
MR. SEWARD'S COURTESY.

Mr. Seward has tendered to Lord Lyons permission to the BrAish

troops en route to Canada to land at Portland, and proceed by railroad

through Maine to their destination.

THE CONFEDERATE STATES.

The Richmond papers declare that their army is suTerim' severely

from the cold and that it is to a great extent demoralised. They think

that Great Britain will not be satisfied with M. Seward's despatch

npon the Treat question, and will make further demands. The Richmond Whip thinks that the sinking the stone fleet will do no harm to the city of Charleston, but will render it impregnable to a sea attack. Since the sinking of that fleet the steamer Ella Warley, from Nassau, ran into Charleston with a cargo of arms, medicines, and other stores. Several vessels have left the harbour and run to sea by other channels, one of which has recently arrived in Liverpool. The Captain saw nothing of the blockading fleet.

CONGRESS.

In a debate in the House of Representatives on the Treat question Mr. Vallandighani expressed himself dissatisfied with the surrender of Messrs. Mason and Slidell. He said that America would be at war with England in less than three months unless the Federal Government tamely submit to the recognition of the South and the raising of the blockade. Mr. Hutcidits, of Ohio, considered that Mr. Vallandigham wanted war with England for the benefit of the South. Mr. Thomas, of Massachusetts, was of opinion that England had done that which had implanted in the American breast a sense of wrong which would wait the opportunity to strike a blow of retributive justice.

 Charles Sumner, Chairman of the Senate's Committee of Foreign

airs, has spoken in the Senate, and taken positions similar to those of M. Thouvenel and in advance of those taken by Mr. Seward. He

If Captain Wilks enorected the Treat be should have taken her into port

for decision. 81o Federal court, however, recognising American precedents, ,could have lawfully condemned the Trout or detained the Commissioner. The American Government has co,nssitted itself fully and unreservedly to the right of a neutral flag to cover civil passengers. The question has boon argued with the greatest ability and thoroughness by the most eminent American statesmen, including Jellereou. Madison, Monroe, and other Presidents, and the whole record of American diplomacy is luminous with arguments aga'nst such acts as that of Captain WOks. Captain Wilier, misled by a British law book, violated American principles. England, by demanding the Commissioners, stultified her history and virtually acknowledged the justice of a position long maintained by 'America. The American people (concluded Mr. Sumner) are indebted to Captain Wilke'a act and Mr. Seward's statesmanship for a great political triumph.

The Naval Committee has reported on a bill for the construction of twenty iron-plated steam gunboats.

.The Committee of Ways and Means have reported a bill authorising

the issue of 100,000,000 dols. worth of demand notes, which will con

stitute a legal tender, be receivable for Government dues, arid exchangeable at any the for Ex per Cent Bonds, redeemable in twenty years.

 'TRADE AND FINANCE,

Exchange on London has risen to 114; gold to 4 per cent premium,

and silver to 1 per cent premium. The imports of foreign dry goods

into the post of New York for the year 1861 amount to 43,600,000 dols., against 101,800,000 in 1860, being a fell in one year of 68 per cent. In the year after the celebrated financial crisis (1S58) the imports amounted to 61,000, 000 dols. The arrivals iii Now York of passengers from foreign ports were 80,790 in 1861, against 266,627 in 1800; of passengers from California, 9117 against 10,710 in 1800.

ADDRESS OF CONDOLENCE WTTII THE QUEEN.

At a crowded meeting of British residents held at the English Cosulatc in New York an address of sympathy and condolence with the Queen was adopted.

NEWSPAPER CENSORSHIP IN MISSOURI.

The Provost Marshal of St. Louis has notified to all newspapers appearing outside that city that a copy of each issue must be sent him for inspection, under penalty of suppression.

THE GOVEREORS' MESSAGES.

The opening of the year is the season when most of the State

Governors present their annual messages to their respective Legislatures.

The Governor of the Border State of Maine complains of the deep and bitter hostility of large numbers of the people of New Brunswick and Canada. He thinks that Portland should be made the Quebec and Halifax of the United States, and that with only present means of defence Portland would in the event of a war with Great Britain soon beta possession of the enemy.** It is requisite for these purposes not only to construct military works on the coast, but military railroads for their connexion with one another. If the United States do not at once set about these works, Maine must do so on herown account. He complains that the attitude of England has been marked by many exhibitions of the most positive tinkinciness and ill-will, while her friendship for the rebels has been manifested by an unbroken succession of favours, valuable in themselves, but more valuable for the hopes encouraged by the ostentatious manner in which they were conferred. "We have all thought till recently that war with England was scarcely within the category of possible events. That she should make a war which she must know this country would feel and history would record was waged by her in the history of barbarism and wrong, and designed to inflict an irreparable and unprovoked injury upon a nation which had been, in honest faith, her best friend and, 55 far as the wishes of its people were concerned, her truest ally, waa what the American people could not believe."

The Governor of Michigan, another Border State, speaks ' of the manifest disposition of foreign Powers to intermeddle with our domestic affairs," and recommends the Federal Government to establish at some convenient point in the north-west an arsenal and manufactory of arms, and also a naval station, to be located in Michigan.

The Mayor of New York, in his Message, urges that rafts or other barriers should be anchored at the Narrows, in readiness to obatrnct the

channel, if necessary. -
DBSPAI'CwIiS FROM LORD LYONS TO RAP.L RUSSELL.

la 'Priday's Gazette were published copies of some despatches from

Lord Lyons. The lust informs Earl Russell that Messrs. Zacharie and Rogue, taken from on board the Eugenia Smith, under the British flag, and confined in ]?orb Lafayette, had been released, and the act disavowed; a second refers to a case in which a captured British schooner, the James Campbell, was taken into port with the British flag flying under the American-a proceeding which has been rebuked by Mr. Seward, end ordere, not to be repeated; and the third relates that certain English seamen, captured for a break of blockade, having been required to take an oath never to be engaged in such a proceeding again, have been declared by Mr. Seward absolved from such oath,

THE TUSCARORA IN SOUTHAMPTON WATER.

TRI5 vessel, whose presence in Southampton Water has caused the greatest excitement for the last fortnight, still keeps her position o

the mouth of the Itchen, supposed to be waiting the arrival of the

Sr utter and holding a sharp look out on the movements of the Ehshyule, still safely berthed in Southampton Docks. On Monday week the Tuscarora weighed, and proceeded down the water, anchoring for the day between Calshot Castle and the Lightship, returning to her old moorings in the-evening. On the following Thursday she made an excursion round the We of Wight, and completed her crtsse by bringing up od Osborne, which quarters she quickly received notice to leave, andshe then zetnrnedtoherold position as shown mourEngravmg. She is a smart, handsomelooking craft, ieavily armed, with eight Dal' gren guns

s -two of them, placed amidships, are the famous

coltmbiad 120.poundera-and a rifled 30.pounder of Parrot's on her forecastle. She is commanded by Captain Craven, and has a large and well-appointed crew of 200 men.

Messrs. Slidell and Mason and their secretaries have stilea from Halifax for Bermuda.

The United States' Government is erecting batteries on Croil's

island in the Long Soult of the St. Lawrence. These batteries will command

the Csnadhn Cornwall Cane].

The Confederate steamer Sumter was ordered on Saturday last

to emit Cadiz 'within six hours. She accordingly proceeded to Gibraltar.

Before entering that port she captured two American vessels, one of which she bunted, releasing the other, apparently because she was bound to a British port, and was laden wit a cargo belonging to neutrals.

The West Indian, a vessel belonging to a Southern planter, has arrived at Liverpool direct from Charleston, having succeisf ally run the blockade. She is 241 tone burden, and has s full cargo of spirits of turpentine. She loft Charleston in the evening of the 24th of December. It was a fins tar1lght night, 'with a favourable wind ; the blockade was run without nicetieg 'with any of the blockading float. The West Indian left Charleston

I alter the atone fleet bad been stick, and ran down to the sea through one of

I channels left open by the yederais.
The Queen has approved of Mr. Horace N. Ciongar as Consul

at Hong-Kong for the United StaLes of America.
Once more we hear from America that a grand movement by the North is in hand. Land and water armaments are to penetrate into the heart of the South, Nashville is to in taken, and then a great blow is to be struck at New Orlea'is. We can only say, as heretofore, that we shall see. The Mississippi will now be the centre of interest for the spectators of the strife. The sinews of war are to be provided by a fax of 150 millions of dollars, at least such is the resolution of the Congressional Committee of Ways and Means. There had been some violent anti-English language in both Houses, but it seems to have expressed the feelings of a miserable minority, the people generally being bent upon the prosecution of the war with the South. It was said that the Vindictive effort to destroy Charleston harbour was not likely to be very mischievous, some reports declaring that the sinking of the vessels would actually facilitate the improvement of the port, while Southern organs thank the North for having made the city impregnable. The American question has not received much public discussion here during the week, save that Mr. Massey, the Chairman of Committees and in some sort a Government authority, has delivered a speech in 'which he manifested a desire that the blockade should be broken. The journals of the Southern States believe that, bond Pabnerston's Government are friendly to the North, and that the people of England are inclined towards the South; and therefore the slave journalists venture to predict a speedy fall for our present Administration. We cite this in evidence of the titter ignorance of the Americans of English affairs.

As regards foreign affairs there is not much to record, except that the Spanish expedition to Mexico is left to do the principal pait of the work of amelioration; and the commander seems inclined to perform his duties in an effective way, and one 'which weuld probably invite unfriendly interference by the 'United States if they were united and had not their hands full. But circumstances forbid the enforcement of the insolent and nonsensical doctrine that the Powers of the East have no right to interfere in the affairs of the Western World, a bit of geographical pedantry which will certainly not be tolerated in Europe. The interests of the New World are too important to -the Old to permit their being left in the hands of any single nation.
Commander s;mmes, of the Confederate ship-of-war Sumttr, writes to the Times, from Cadiz, to defend himself from imputations on the

character of his ship convoyed in the report of Mr. Gideon Weiles, Secretaxy

i the United States Navy. "The Sumter," he states, "is a regularly

omixeissloned ship-of-war of the Confederate States."
IeEE. yANCEY, COMMISSIONER OF THE C0}tPEDERATB STATES.

Pnm Hon. Wm. Lowndes Yancey is a native of the State of South Carolina, where he was

born in 1815. Form!all years plist, he has resided in the great Cottoate of Alabama. Mr. ranrey is a cotton-planter, end until the date of secession of Alabama was a member of the

Bar of that State.

Though exercising a strong influence upon

the politics of the South during the last twenty years Mr. Yancey has but rarely been a candidate for political honours. He has, however, served as a member of the House of Hepresentatives and of the senate of Alabama, and has also been a member of the Federal Congress at Washington. While in Congress he took a prominent part in the annexation of Texas and in the sesilement of the difficulties between England and the United States with reference to the disputed territory of Oregon. He was the first in Congress to denounce the party in that body who desired to repeal the convention for the joint occupancy of Oregon, entered into in isis contending that such a repeal under the circumstances would lead to a war with C-rent Britain, which he strongly disapproved of. fle also voted for the extension of the Missouri Compromise line to the Pacific Ocean, his object being to withdraw, the slavery question from Congress, if possible, and thus to lessen the ca-uses of irritation between the North and South. The Northern vote, however, defeated the measure.

:Mr. Yancey's chief claim to public notice rests

in hisearly recognition of the ineradicable differences existing between the North end South, and which time, instead of diminishing, ex-

 tended and strengthened. In his opinion these differences were fast sectionalism g the people of the North and the South, and he predicted

that the Union would be dissolved whenever they stood arrayed as sections, the one against the other.

In a public letter, written several years since,

which excited great attention at the time he gave it as his opinion that the South would no ionger submit tofurther compromise of what she considered to be her constitutional rights, that

Vth aities nor corgiromises could save the 'M.f 9t it. dissol. 0. was but question C>f ii-2-le, and that it would first takae place in the Cotton States, end thence would spread into the Border States-s. prediction that has been signally verified within the last few months.

The events in progress in the Northern States,

showing that the North would present a candidate for the Presidency upon an avowed sectional basis in 1860, induced Mr. Yancey in 1859 tourge upon the Legislature of Alabama the passing of an Act making it the duty of the Governor to call a convention of the people of that State to consider so serious an event. 'When, in 1860 Mr. Lincoln was elected as an exponent 1 Northern, and an enemy of Southern, interests, the convention of Alabama wa-S immediately called, followed by those of all the other Cotton. States, the whole of 'which deliberately withdrew from the Union, and, on the 11th of March, 1861, formed the G-overnment of the Confederate States of

America. Mr. Yancey was at this time s leading member of the convention of Alabama, and reported the ordinance of secession.

In selecting three gentlemen to form a com mission to the Powers of Europe to present the claims of the Confederate States to recognition and friendly commercial relations, President Davis considered it an occasion to recognise the long persistent services of Mr. Yancey in the cause of the South; end, as he had been the first to urge and obtain the consent of the South to secede and form an independent Ccnfederacy, it was felt that he should be the first in a commission to obtain recognition of the new Power from the elder nations of the earth, and especially from Great Britain and France. Hence Mr. Yancey was appointed to be the senior or chief of the commission toEurope, and has been in this country and in France in that capacity since May last

 In November last Alabama elected Mr.

Yancey to represent her in the Senate of the Confederate States, which will be organised on the 17th of February next, the day when the

ermanent supersedes the present provisional overnment of the South.

Our Portent is from a photograph by MayalL

ILLVSTRATLONS OF THE CIVIL WAR IN AMERICA. A NIGHT flAltM IN TEE FEDERAL CAMP.

FaSQUENTLY there are alarms in the Federal

camp on the Potomac at night caused by the

driving in of the pickets and the appearance in force of the Confederates at different points of the Union lines. On these occasions it is necessary to communicate with the Commander-inChief, and to do this expeditiously anew system of signals has been introduced into the Federal army. By day messages are sent from one division to another by the use of differentlycoloured flags, thus doing away with the necessityof:dispatngmonntedfrooperawithttten ordera; and by night lamp-torches take their place with the same effect These signals can be used with an army in motion, the corps attached to the different brigades occupying as they move all elevations or lofty bulldmgs on their route. The accompanying Illustration represents the signals at work by night. At the signalman's feet lies a large brass lamp, which is the axis around which the motive ligt forms its curves-each curve, according to the direction which it takes, signifying a number, the meaning of which number being known cnly to the officer commanding each corps.

ADY4ROS OF THE SEIRHISflES OF THE BUOHTAXL BIFLES ON DBAUISVUaLE.

The heroes of the fight at Drainsvllle,

Virginia, on the 20th ult., were the Bncktsil Riflemen, a corps of sharpshooters raised in the mountains of Pennsylvania. To be eligible for service in this corps each man must have shot a buck, and hence the badge the members wear on their cape, and the name they bear. The forces engaged in this fight-almost the onlysuccesswbxchtheFederalshaaumedmthe field in that neighbourhood-="C brigades of General Stuart on the Confederate side, and of General Ord, Unionist, to the latter of which
the Buoktaila belong. The incident illustrated on the first page is

where the riflemen are advancing their skhmihers through the undergrowth towards the Confederate gum, while other Federal regiments are making a flanking movement by a detour on each side to clear the pine woods. The Bucktai]e were consequently exposed to the severest fire during the action, and sufered the most. But the number of dead left by the Confederates in the field in front of their position-nearly all of whom were shot through the head-show that they also paid dearly for the losses suered by the rifles.
A propoa1 for a ationaa subscription in behalf of the Lyons

workmen thrown out of employment by the AmerIosn-cr1si appears- in the columns o the Pasis I1CjC.
OUR RELATIONS WITH AMERICA.

Is it our unhappy destiny to become involved in a third war with the people of the United States, with whom we have so many ties of language, race, religion, and laws? This is an apprehension which weighs heavily on the public mind at the present moment, and which Mr. Seward's highflying diplomacy, concurring with the incensed temper towards England of the Northern people, will not allow us to slide. "The relations between the two countries," said Mr. Gladstone, at Leith, "afford a thousand points of contact every day, and must necessarily likewise afford opportunities for collision." Re would be a bold man who would be willing to give assurance that those opportunities will always be met in a spirit of mutual forbearance and concession. The &itich Americana, whose situation compels them to a close acquaintance with the character and tendencies of their neighbours, forewarn no with ominous unanimity that the evil day is only postponed, not conjured away for ever. How the events of the last twelvemonth have necessarily resulted in. biinging an American war, which seemed so distant, in 1860, into the foreground of our national prospects merits a brief explanation.

The eleven "Confederate" States, in seceding, shattered with the same blow the Union and Constitution of 1787 and the basis on which peace between Britain and the Union had hitherto rested. Without forgetting the influence in behalf of international amity wielded by a small section of New England politicians, of whom the late Daniel Webster and Charles Sumner are the best-known representatives, we must, nevertheless, mainly attribute the maintenance of peace for the last thirty years to the nnwjliingness of Southern politicians to initiate a war which, if successful, could only result in strengthening the Northern States by adding to them a territory which would immediately give at least four anti-slavery States to the Union and overbalance Slave-soil acquisitions at the South by immense Free-soil acquisitions at the North. It is patent to every one that those who struggled so fiercely and fraudulently to wrest the single State of Kansas from a Northern immigration would be in no hurry (however great t,heir¥dialike of British influence) to make sacrifices to annex British America to the Union. They therefore judged it politic to bridle the bellicose propensities of the people of the Middle and Western States and to put them off with a succession of vexatious international disputes never meant to be urged to the issue of war. From this situation resulted peace, butapeace little to be envied, because it was a pace without amity, and sometimes even without common courtesy. On several occasions of late years it cannot be denied that the English nation have felt that this was a situation which benefited their political and commercial interests at the expense of their honour.

 This guarantee of peace is now withdrawn, and we look around in

vain tofind asubstitute. The South can never again beto us what

abe has been. i in the present conflict she is able to maintain her independence, then the Northern people stand alone, absolute masters of their own destiny. If, on the other hand, the South is subjugated by the North, she will use whatever political influence she may hereafter possess in the Union to precipitate a foreign war, in order that she may find therein a splendid opportunity for revolt, and a sweet occasion for revenge. It is bootless to inquire whether the independence or the reconquˆt of the South would bathe most unfavourable combination for the continuance of pace with the British empire. It is sufficient that neither one coutingeficy nor the other offers any stable basis on which we could reasonably rest our hopes. A new experiment would coinmcnce-that of administering British rule on the American continent alongside of a multitudinous, pugnacious, -ti-British, and henceforth s,wteeked democracy, dwelling south of the St. Lawrence and the lakes. Who rays that this experiment will he allowed to evolve itself without interruption ? Not the British Americana, nor those best acquainted with the ideas and passions of the Americana of the North. This everpresent apprehension of war, and all the expense of preparation that it involves, is what we must henceforward resign ourselves to pay as the price of our continued dominion on the American continent; and it is highly flattering to our national self-love that no voice has been heard in any part of British America praying us to remove our flag, although the knowledge that the proximity of that flag is a chronic source of irritation to the neighbouring democracy iapoaeeased by every

schoolboy in Canada. - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

embarrassed nation would not be willing to refer to the arbitration of athird party. Itwould. beonrduty and interest to give as wide an extension to the principle of arbitration as possible; but, in the event of cases arising which in the opinion of our statesmen could not with propriety be referred to an umpire, then we could well afford to be magnanimous, and wait to vindicate our honour until the United States had their hands disengaged. Europe could not misinterpret our motives, and the American Democracy arc no longer under the delusion that Britain "cannot be kicked into a war" with their irresistible selves. But, indeed, the very readiness on our part to take such a generous position would not fail to touch the heart of the American people, and dispose them to make reparation for whatever injury or insult they might have inflicted on us. It would also do much towards creating such a feeling between the two nations as would postpone for a long time, if it did not for ever avert, the outbreak of another war. As the older, sager, and, as we claim, more chivalrous nation, Britain, we believe, would find it conduce not less to her honour than to her interests to take such an attitude.

 If, however, this is to expect too much of human nature as dis

played in the relations between two rival nations, let us at least rise superior to every temptation to take the United States at a disadvantage, remembering that there are cases where it is not Plc vitals but Vs victoribus, and where military triumphs are fruitful only in political, moral, and economical losses to the nation which wins them, If after the present war is settled, by the recunquest or the independence of the States which acknowledge Mr. Davis as their chiefi the Northern Democracy force an unjust quarrel upon us, we shall see, as we eaw¥in 1812, a powerful peace party arise among the Americans themselves whose condemnation of the war will enfeeble its intensity, curtail its resources, shorten its duration, and neutralise the resentments it would engender. Bat such a party will only arise in the event of our meeting the North in fair single combat If in such a war Great Britain were victorious, in the reaction of defeat universal suffrage would be offered up as a victim to the wounded national pride of the American people, and with a limited suffrage on the south of the St. Lawrence we should have reached once more a solid guarantee of peace. If Great Britain were defeated and obliged to abandon some of her possessions on the continent, the victors, in the acquisition of one or more disaffected and anti-American provinces, would soon discover that they had damaged themselves more than their opponent. If (what is highly probable) a.treaty of peace left neither party victorious, the bellicose democracy would have lesrat once more that a war on the Canadian frontier "does not pay," and would be little inclined to re-enact for a fourth time a stale and worn-out tragedy. Such an international single combat, deplorable as it would be, might find us better friends at its termination than at its commencement; and in no case, on whichever aide victory inclined, could it leave behind it that "study of revenge-immortal hate," which would surely be the most fell accompaniment and the most pernicious legacy of a struggle into which we should allow ourselves to enter as the virtual ally of those whom the whole people of the loyal States riahtly or wrongly regard as rebels, parricides, and traitors of the deepest dye.

THE BLOCKING-UP OF CHARLESTON.

PROTEST OF THE BRITISH GOVERMfM.

THE following correspondence has passed between the Liverpool Shipownera' Association and the Foreign Office

Shipownors' Association, Liverpool, Jan. 13.

My Lord,-It has acme to the knowledge of the Liverpool Shipownera'

Association, through the public prints, that the Federal Government of the United States have sunk a atone squadron in the mom channel of Charleston harbour- This proceeding cannot fail seriously and permanently to injure the entrance to that harbour. The association fears that, unless strong reproecntatione and romonstrences are promptly made, a similar course may he I immediately followed lathe case of the other harbour, of the Confederate States. The association does not think it necessary to dwell at length on the importance of this question as affecting the general interests of commerce, but feels called upon, as representing an important interest, to address your Lordship on the subject. r am, therefore, Instructed by the association respectfully to press tbls matter on your Lordship's earnest consideration. r have the honour to he, my Lord, your Lordship's meet obedient humble servant, Paaorcrs A. Cnluv, Chairman.

To the Right lion. Earl Russell, Foreign Office, London.
But if a third warwith the United States eanonly tooprobable occurrence, then it may be said, the sooner it comes the better. "Let as accept the first gage of battle thrown down by the Transatlantic Demos and punish them for their rash arrogance by ensuring the dismemberment of the Union." This is the hasty logic of the soldier. The statesman and the moralist will argue quite differently. Conceding that in a merely military point of view the conditions may never be so favourable to our side as during the existence of the present troubles, we unhesitatingly affirm that they can hardly ever be so unfavourable in a political, commercial, and moral point of view. If we should be tempted to pick up the glove thrown down by a passionate people in their hour of difficulty and distress the British nation would never be forgiven by any class or section of the Northern people. If through any direct agency of this nation their idolised Union were dismembered, what would-be the result? Keenly watching every turn of the world's kaleidoscope, the Northerners would subordinate their whole foreign policy to the fanatical prosecution of one idea-that of dismembering the Britiahe mpire and humiliating the British nation. Mr. Seward has already given us a friendly hint of the prospects of our trade with the United States in such an event. Conscious of the resentful cbsracter of his own people, he shudders as he contemplates a contingency,,, which will leave no roots remaining out of which trade between the United States and Great Britain, as it has hitherto flourished, can ever again spring up!' If our manufactures would be excluded how could our English and Scottish immigrants hope to fare? From the Atlantic to the Pacific the United States would be too hotly vindictive towards our race and name to offer an asylum to our emigration. This is a consideration of no small moment to our middle and working classes, from whose ranks the whole of our emigration proceeds.

 We could expect no compensation for this terrible hostility in the ardent attachment of the Confederate States, whose independence we should have established. There is a moral gulf between the British and Slave State people which no accidental, ephemeral, political, and military alliance could bridge over. The Southern Confederacy, if it can make good its independence by its own unaided resources, will probably offer to our commerce better terms than it ever enjoyed under the old Union; while the creation of a balance of power on the American continent would be viewed without regret as well by Great Britain as by the other nations of the Old and New Worlds. But these advantages must he won for us, if at all, by Southern patriotism, and net by English interference.

If these premises he correct, they lead op to this conclusion, that it

is our trnest policy to exercise great forbearance towards the United

&ates during the course of the present war and t&avoid doing anything which seems to evince a desire to take advantage ,of their temporary difficulties. It is not conceivable that any cause of difference can arise between the two nations during this crisis which the

Foreign Office, Jan. 10.

Mr,--I am directed by Earl Russell to acknowledge the receipt of the letter which, on behalf of the Liverpool Shipewners' Association, you addressed to him on the lath inst., calling his attention to the course which the Federal Government of the United States have adapted for closing the main channel of Charleston harbour by sinking there vessels laden with stone, and expressing the fear of the association that, unless strong representations and remonstrauss, are promptly mode, a similar course may be immediately followed in the ooze of the other harbours of the Confederate States. I sm to reqnest that you will state to the Liverpool Shipowners' Association that the attention of her Majesty's Government was at once attracted by the rumours which obtained currency some weeks ago of each a course as that in which you refer being contemplated by the Government of the United States, and on the 20th of December her Majesty's Minister at Washington was informed of she view taken of it by her Majesty's Government. Lord Lyons was told that such a cruel plan would seem to imply despair of the restoration of the Union, the professed object of the war; for it never could be the utah of the United States' Government to destroy cities from which their own country was to derive a portion of its riches and prosperity. Such a plan could only be adopted as a measure of revenge end of irremediable injury against an enemy.

¥ Lord Lyons was further told that oven as a scheme of embittered and zen

guinsry war such a measure would not be justifiable. It would be a plot against the commerce of all maritime nations and against the tree intercourse of the Southern States of America with the civilised world. Lord Lyons was desired to speak in this sense to Mr. Seward, who, it was hoped, would disavow the illegal project Now, however, that the project seems to have been carried into effect at Charleston, Lord Lyons will be instructed to make a further representation to Mr. Seward, with a view to prevent similar sobs of destruction in other ports. -I am, Sir, your most obedient servant,

F. A. Clint, Nag., too. -  N. Knnxoien.

The subject was discussed at the meeting of the council of the

Liverpool Chamber of Commerce on Monday, when the following

resolution was adopted -" That this chamber views with great satisfaction the remoustrances made by her Majesty's Government with regard to the blocking up of Charleston harbour by sinking vessels laden with stone."
