LONDON: SATITRDA 1', APRIL 15, 1585,

In we do not "drift" into trouble with the Federal States it will not be the fault of noisy speakers and intemperate writers. These individuals are assuredly doing their best to assist in what Lord Palmerston described as the maoefaotnro of American political capital at the expense of England. Of this process, as carried on in Washington and New York, we have, perhaps, no great right to complain, and England has never shown herself harsh in her judgment of the acts of a nation struggling with unexampled difficulty, debt, and diaaater. But we moat protest, and that emphatically, against the attempt of the

¥ American organs hero to break the neutrality which has been proclaimed from the Throne, and which has been recognised by all the temperate and respectable part of the nation. This

¥ attempt has been postponed until the revoreea met by the Federals, and the solemn declaration of the South that nothing shall re-unite it with the North, have exasperated the Union organs beyond all bounds, and it is therefore shown to be a sort of desperate resource, akin to that by which Mr. Lincoln, after showing every willingness to coalesce with the slaveowners, proclaimed freedom to the slaves of "rebels" while retaining the others in bondage. Principle has nothing to do with the matter, and the effort to alter British policy is merely an expedient of war.

This will not do. England has determined net to be dragged into the American struggle if she can possibly avoid it, and thoresolve of a nation ought not to he affected by the sepibbtinge of fanatics or the nonsense of hireling orators, Nor will it be. The agitators against neutrality are the most insignificant per.-due who ever tried to about themselves into notoriety. The names of the speakers at the meetings in aid of Mi'. Seward are names which, in ordinary times, cause a man instinctively to peas on from the report to come other part .of the paper. They have an influence like that of the headings of the advertisements which seek to enlist attention by some paradox to whisk the puff is clumsily appended. The country laughs at such demonstrations. But, for all that, they may become excessively mischievous by their operation in America. Readers there are proverbially ignorant of the relative value and power of on:: public men. The New Yorker who is told in his own paper that Exeter Hall or St. James's Hall has been crowded with aympathieera, end that dory addresses have been delivered to them amid storms of approbation, thinks That all this means something, and has no influence in the national -cooeioils. He does not Irnow, and could scarcely comprehend the facto if laid before him, that a gathering of thirty or forty of our statesmen in a quiet room in Piccadilly or St James's-square would have more to do with

 o directing the policy of the Legislature than be largest crowd

¥ that ever. assembled to cheer Blondin; George Thompson, or Tom Themb. The American does not andoratan,l the ecrrete of Erglieh public life, the formation of public

¥ opinion here, and the certificate of character implied in the position of a leading politician. The New Yorker cannot see why an Edwin James has to emigrate, while a ihoondell Palmer is called upon to advice the Crown on internotional law. Hence these mob-meetings, and the angry and vindictive talk which impudently claims to be the utterance of the people, and is nothing of the hind, will pi-adnee-nay, we believe, are producing-upon the American mind a very evil influence. It will be believed in the North that the Government of England end the people of England are not as one in the

2 matter of neutrality, and the inference will be that: if the North menaces us with war, the people will drive Lord Palneeraton

f fremoffiro end reverse his policy. The idea is so ridiculous to no, of course, that there la danger of one refusing to believe that it oar be entertained in the North, and only those who are really

d aware of the belplece ignorance of the American people (in spite

' of their high education at the bands of the newspapers) open the reel feelings of Ergliehmeo, can entirely appreciate the

a importance of the consideration in question. We can ae,,ro our readers, however, that very fanstatc-nicrits discreditable to England would fail of obtaining belief in America, end that none at all would be rejected by the directors of a large portion

02 of the American press as too outrageous to form texts for fresh abuse of this country. It is painful to have to say this; but it is better to bear any such pain than to permit mischief to go on which may cause quarrel and blood,,hodding.

The Federals, having chant that they either cannot build veeaela whirl: are swift eneeghe to catch the Confederate ornisers,
or cannot spare for that service officers of sufficient skill and spirit to run down these privateers (and there is no lack of brave and able officers in the gallant navy of the North), content themselves with nbnsing England because some of the. Southern vessels have been builtwhere the North may build

equally good ships if it likes-namely, in British dockyards.

The law of England, both domestic and international, is

perfectly clear, and the proceedings which it is necessary to take to prevent the sailing of a chip on a supposed errand of war are as well known to the lawyers as those which are taken! on a dishonoured acceptance. If the case can he proved the vessel is stopped, as has been done,we learn, in the instance of a. newly-constructed beck, which was to have gone by the name of the Alexandra until she had left England and taken in her guns.. But mere suspicion will not do. A policeman does not capture a lounger on mere suspicion that at night he means to "open a bank," with a crowbar for his capitol. Regular evidence must ha adduced; and, whether the lair be sufficiently stringent or not, it is law. We hear very few complaints when expeditions, wider the meet transparent disguises, are fitted out against monarchies, end when adventurers, of more or less respectability, enlist men and buy, guns for the promotion of any revolution whatever, except the Southern revolution. Hitherto the law has heen found to work very well. But an exceptional case, to the minds of sympathisers with the North, has arisen, and these who were foremost in their ostentatious support of insurrectionary movements in Europe clamour against the ordinary English doctrine that proof of guilt shall precede punishment. And even this is not all. The Hence of (loinmona is open to the petitions of the nation and of all classes in the nation; and it is to the Hones of Commons, where a Liberal majority sways, that these malcontents should address themselves for an alteration of the law, if it be deemed too feeble. No such abject end constitutional course will, however, satisfy "the friends of freedom." The Government is called upon to violate the law, to exercise a despotic sway, and to do on behalf of the Northern States of America that which, had it been done on behalf of the King of Naples or the Emperor of Bussis, every organ of Federal interests would have stigmatised most furiously as a proceeding worthy of the days of Oselleceagh end Sidmnnth.

Were the Government to take this course, and act upon suspicion only, it would not only be a violation of British law, and a sacrifice of the traditions which are dearer to us all than any foreign alliance, but a direct departure from the policy announced three times from the Throne. The aympathisare with Mr. Lincoln call on us to interfere on behalf of the Federals, and to treat the South as enemies. We shall not do so; but it is very desirable that the country should understand that these unconstitutional demonstrations, though they

¥ can do no harm here, may produce much in America, and that

¥ the Anglo-American organs ore doing their best to involve us in a horrible war.
THE COMING STRUGGLE AT CHARLESTON-The Cherloeton

correspondent of the dfebde Register writes so follows:-" The struggle, when it comet, will certainly be at a feat-fob character. It will be the shook of tremendous forces, the relative powers of whirls are yet untried. The long. mooted question of the fighting voice of the ships against batteries will he brought as a teat more conclusive than any to which human warfare has yet subjected it. In other words, rice Monitor treortada which the Yankees claim to be the meet impaootnsbbe vessels ever constructed will necessarily come within point-blank rouge of the most numerous and powerful batteries that have over yet been used to a single engagement. We have goad r0000n, too, to believe that our guns will be managed with admirable tart and precision. The more important batteries am manned bytho South Carolina svgalum, far whom the credit h claimed, and I think justly, of beldeg the most expert end practical heavy artillerists in the Confederate army. The fleets are well officered, and General Rtptoy, who line mode the study of heavy ordnance a specialty for years, and whose excellence in that particular branch of military knowledge is on admitted feat, will himself takocommaud at Feet Samtor an soon so the enemy msbmhia appearance. Itlo erarecly posslblethrst any loosing thing can bresetunhereeod the concentrated storm of heavy meted from the guns of Sumtor, Macbrie, end Bettory Boo, the them principal works commending the throat of the harbour. Nor can the peril of running line terrible gauntlet be diminished by an attempt to puce under cover of the darkness, as hoe too. the mae at Viobeborg and New Wears. So tortuous and intricate Is the channel lcodtog to the forte that the most experienced pilots of the harbour wuold not vontoro to be-tog in a vessel by sight, under the conditions which the enemy cannot escape, viz.-without light or landmark to guide the way. Even whoa the bloohado-running vessels fears the harbour Ibis always necessary to aid their exit by previously-arranged lights (shaded) and signals; so that It is reasonably certain that the attacking Iroocbude meet either cuter in open day or incur the imminent homed of getting aground upon one of the most treacherous hem on the Southern coast, which seldom yields a vessel when once it has grasped the heel. But if, yerchaace,deepltoef meoy channel, multiplied derpodees, and the combined batteries of the forts, some of the nine Monitors should olsaum in gel into part, they would still have to encounter a concentrated lire of other batteries, which, as the Yonlcoe papers have learned from cuutrahaedo, 'tins the shores of the interior of the harbour.' And then will come the 'ta,g of war' which will determine the pcoseesbes of the

honoured old city.' -
THE ALABAMA AT PORT ROYAL, JAMAICA.

Own Engraving represents the Alabama as the put into Port Royal,

Jamaica, for repairs after her sharp and decisive engagement with the United Skies' goon-boat Hatteras. Our Correspondent, a young officer of her Majesty's ship Challenger, to whom we are indebted for the sketch from which our Engraving in taken, has also forwarded us a spirited account of the engagement as narrated to ham by one of Captain Semmeo' ocera. "Tne Alabama," writes our Correspondent, 44 was trying to break the blockade off Port Galveston, and came auddeoly upon the Yankee fleet at anchor. She immadcately put about, about, about, but not before she was espied and a large gnu-boat was after her but being a good sailer, the kept her position without any material ‡iotenoa being gained or loot on either side. However, when Captain Soromos thought he was sufficiently clear of the Yankee float, be determined to shorten sail and fight his purenor. So, 'easing lie sheets a little,' to use their own words, up comes this gun-boat, only a vessel of 1200 tons, with eleven guns with a hail, 'Ship-ahoy! Wbat'o your name, and whore bound P Olcooros, the Alabama was all ready prepared, and Captain Ssnooeo answered the hail with 'Alabama, and bound to the-!' and a broadside. The action lasted seventeen minutes, at the expiration of which time the captain of the Yankee vessel, the Hatteras-for that was hername-bailad for q3oarter, saying that she was sinking, and that he wanted asciotanea. &-hey saved 101 men end 17 officers; but there is every reason to believe that some mast have perished, but bow many Captain Ssnunes never could find out, as a strict silence was kept by the Federals on the subject. The Alabama same in here under French colours; but at eight next morning she displayed the Secessionist flag. She came on on the evening of the 20th of January, and started again on the 26th of same month, after¥ having ooaled, revistusilod, and repaired damages. She was etmokinfive places; three maybe seen lnthsflketah I send you. They present a jagged appearance. One little inaldent speaks greatly against the efficiency of the Yankee shells, one of which,

was found in the Alabama's stokehole, after the action, with the face burnt down; but instead of there being powder in the shell et was full of black sand. The action was fought at seventy yards' distance, the Alabama being under sail, while the Yankee was under steam. They landed all their prisoners on the afternoon or the 22nd."
¥ 'I' AldtlUOA.  -

By the arrival of the lonian steamer Etna we have telegrams from New York to the morning of the 4th met. WAR NEWS,

The Federal aceenjite of the partially successful attempt of Commodore Perragut to pass the Port Hudson batteries have at length Been the light. The Hartford, the fiagehip, accompanied by the Albatrees, advanced to the otteok, followed by five ether steamers,
The Port Hudson batteries opened upon them, and an engagement ensued, which lasted from ten o'clock at night until daybreak on the next day (Sunday). The Hartford and the Albatross reseed safely, All the etheryeseelo'were driven back, except the ale ssiesippi, Which: grounded immediately opposite Port Hudson, and was blown up by order of her commander. Sixty of her crew were killed or missing, Upon the other 'vessels ten men, including Commander Cammirog, were killed and thirty wounded. Confederate amounts state that only two men in the Port Hudson batteries were wounded. Rears ore entertained by the Federals lest their two isolated vessels fall is. victim to the three etoam-rams in the possession of the Confederates.

The canal opposite Viokabuig is abandoned, the Confederate eanjion

coomuccidine two-thirds of its length.

General lierman's expedition to the rear of Eatnoc' Bluff, by way

of Sunflower River, has returned to Voting's Point, having failed in

accouaoliahlng its object, The obstructions placed in the river, and.

sberpeleoolere along the share, rendered an advance impracticable.

The Federal General Gionore reports that he encountered a body of 2000 Confederates in Southern Kentucky, and drove them in eonfusion across the Cumberland River. He took 400 prizoner,e. His own lees only amounted to thirty.

The Confederate General Forrest reports that he visited Brentwood,.

in Tennessee, burnt the bridge, took all the property and anne, oat captured 800 prisoners, including 36 officers. Brentwood is nine miles, from Nashville and Franklin,

The oorreenendence of the New York Booioilop Poet states that the

Federal soldiers in the occupation of I'enecooola burned the toss-so when ordered to evacuate it by Colonel Dyer, their commanding off.ror. Both men and officers are represented to have been in a state of great demoralisation. Colonel Dyer in 'vain attempted to slop the work of doetroctioxe.

 The privateer Florida Florida has captured and burnt the ship Star of Pea,

from Clakutta, for Beaten. The Florida has also captured another.

American schooner. She was chased by the Vanderbilt, off Barbadoes,

but escaped.

Tan oocnmncou-e,TE crime.

President Davis is reported to be suffering from an obeooss in the eye, by which it is feared ice will bee his sight. He lost the sight of one eye come years ago.

The people of the (Jonfedecate States are suffering from want of food,

while yellow fever has appeared in the extreme south of Louisiana.

It is leered that it will appear in New Orleans, which has been hoe from it since 1868.

The Olcerleeton Courier reports the arrival and departnro of a number of steamers, and asserts thet notwithstanding the blockade Charleston is enjoying a larger direct foreign trade than she over led before.

wasaxienroor.

President Lincoln has appointed the 30th just, as a day of fasting,

prayer, and self-heoulliatlon.

The captain of the captured steamer Peterhoff has laid the foote attending her capture before Lord Lyons, who, it is reported will make a formal demand upon the Government for the release of the vessel and indemnity to the owners,

The American Congress has carved a new territory out of Oregon, Daotab, and Washington, to be called Haho, It embraces 4 degrees of latitude and ii degrees of longitude. Iii is very rich in mineral wealth. A 'very few years ago no white moon resided within the territory. It now contains a numerous mining population,

onaomnacrmeus.

The New York Legislature has passed a bill providing that oaly

foreign creditors should receive mnterosi on the 'f bate debt in cxio

others will be paid with naper.

The Slate election of hed,eIslectcl has resulted in the success of the .whole Republican ticket.

General Butler was received by the "Loyal League" at the Now

York Academy of Music on the 2nd inst. The address was delivered

by the Mayor. Generd Butler, in his reply, advocated the entermutation of the "rebels," the confiscation of the estates of the planters and their partition among the soldiers of the Union, He was, particularly bitter against British Government and aristocracy, and said that at the time of the Trout affair it was, perhaps, wine not to provoke England; but he thanked God the country was now ottiug into a condition to remember that case. He advised retaliation for the depredations of the Alabama and the Florida, and recommended that non-intoroosxso with England be proolainiod, So that nob an

ounce of food from America should get into an Englishman's mouth

until those piracies were et

of the export of gold to England. H also advocated the prohibilida

O'Ea i'Acrrmo Brims.

An engagement has occurred on the Dear River, Washington

Territory, between 200 Federal troops and 000 in diona, ,Mtisr fear hours' fighting nearly the entire band of Indians was killed, 423 of them being left deed on the field. The band of Indiana hart zuurdsreit many miners and emigrants on the overland route,

During the month of March 200 gold, ails-or, and copper mining companies were formed in Sore Francisco to develop the noiroos its California, Nevada, and North-Western Mexico. Their nominal capital was over 88,000,000 dole.
ROUSE OF COMMONS.-TIItJRSDAY.

CC NrOerJlcIiAfl AGENTS WATCHED BY Oflt DSTS000vice,-Lerd 9 Cane

asked the lUglee Hon. the Home Secretary whether it was tree that spies had been appointed to watch the movements of certain persons supposed to he Confederate egeote in this country ?-Sir 0-. GREY said, in consequence of an official letter received by the Foreign Moister from the United btotee' Government, complaining of the conduct of certain parties repreeentlog the Confederate States in this country, in connection with the fitting out of vessels in Liverpool, the noble Lord ordered an immediate inquiry into the alleged face, The result was the appointment of come members of nor detective petteo in a matter which appeared to he an utter violation of the law of thio esontoy. That proceeding was perfectly justifiable under the elrcemotenece. There was no particular fund from which those detectives were to be geld for their services beyond that usually cot apart for the purpose . ........................................

A New York journal states that in some parts of the west

Indian corn is extensively need for fact. Tin bushels of corn are ccniiderod equal to one bushel of cool. In Nebraska, whore bloc procure ot eons-horning is quite common, coon is worth 00 cents per bushel, white coal is worth sslseuet Ce. Farmers there think it joot as profl4bte to burn one as the other. This is probably the only country in the world whore such a destruction of Usc stied of life could possibly occur.
The Queen bee approvcd of Mr. Edwin G. Eastman ice Oonesl at Car,, ice the Unetees PlaIce ci America; need ci itt, Ed earde Clifton Once ea Commit at Pelmentie, end at Mr. Maj. Lloyd as VIecCeenet at Liverpool, fur the Argentine repinbic,

dliv Menus nun en000rtere or one eeeeeeeerer e,,,w,j A-el

Another cruiser for the Ooreledcrates has left our shores. The Japan, of tie Was, and belle ci teen, wee lennebed net long rinse ’a the Clyde, and enlied on lice sect joel., feet Oven ty-feer teeeae baton as eerier name decree from Geerreenent to crick her cc a Confederate veeeei. Oe leering Greenock ehe erode for e given point betweee t?iyeeeeth and Pahaeulh, where she met a veeeet with "bareteare,' eeoetetlee ci gene, &e,erhtele ehe chipped. On this her reel character woe proclaimed to the reew, though well keewee before, when thirteen of three eleolteod to proceed in her, end -shipped off for Plymouth. The remaining hands, about eeghty-eve Ia nember, elgued foe 1-3 eene' earvine in the new craft, which wee thee fobbed the Virginia and ieetheeith eluded eec her urelae, The armament ocenisted of ten gene end taro et-poeledee Wieliweelte pivate. She has great strength end speed.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAD Ill AMERICA. THE TOWN AND FORTIFICATIONS OF SAvAleltAll.

Corn View of Savannah is taken from Fort Blogga, looking up the Savannah

River. "Fort Blogg writes our Special Correspondent, ,is theleft flaoking

work of the land defences of the city and below it, in the event of an attack,

the river batteries may be expected t do all that is required of them. As I

write news has been brought in that the Northern flotilla are moving out of Fort Royal, and from appearances it is qreeumed they are going into the savannah River. The iong-loo ked-for fight may come off within the next forty-eight hours. I shall be there whenever it takes place with General Beauregard, who has invited me to accompany his staff. Poster and Hunter, the Northern Generals, have between forty and fifty thousand men, but I don't think they will meet with any botter success than Burnside did at Fredrioksburg.

PLANTATION 1iEGROBS WORKING ON THE DEPBNOES OP ONAItLESTON.

Since the breaking out of the civil war there has been but little planting going on near the seaboard of South Carolina in consequence of the too

otoss proximity of the Northern forces. The planters, therefore, are glad to turn over gangs of their negroes to the military authorities, by whom they

are usefully employed in constructing earthworks. There seems little re

to doubt that the negroes work contentedly enough at the task of riveting

their fetters still more tightly upon themselves. Nor is their ragged look to

be in any way attributed to the existence of want or misery among them, to

their toasters' neglect, or to their own indifference to their personal appearance. The negro is perfectly willing to go about his work in rags for six days in the week provided that on the seventh be Maya ttire himself in & garb of outrageous brilliancy. "The very men," writes our Correspondent, "portrayed in my sketch have more than once made me feel uncommonly mean and shabby when I have met them on Sunday in all their splendour and been forced to contrast my own well-worn and somewhat shabby attire with their brilliant costumes. The old uncle in front, who is shown leading off with his rammer is what is here termed the 'boss' nigger or head man of ths party. The reel are under his especial control, and over them he exercises hia power in a right lordly fashion. As those who are working below throw up th80

arth, the labourers above, headed by the boss nigger, pace slowly forward and

backward with their rammere, keeping perfect time, and accompanying their labour with mm such ditty as the fo owing :

I don't like the lowland gal;  But I do like de mountain gal;

Tell you de reason why?  Will you hab de reason why?

She comb bsr hair -id aberring-bOne, 1She comb liar hair wid de tortoise-shell,

And dat dour please my eye.  And bar movements am so spry I

As a rule, the negroes appear to be the most contented labourera at this and similar work imaginable, and, what with their singing and constant chattering, do as little for their living as any class of men I ever saw." -

THE ATTACK ON FORT WALLISTIM.

Our Correspondent writes as follows respecting the attack by the Federal gun-beifa en Fort Wlifliater, which took place on March 2 :-"Aa I was making up my packet, ready to send off by the first chance I heard of a movement of the Federal gun-boats from Fort Royal towards Savannah. Leaving the envelope open, I started to Fort M'Allister, on the Ogeeehee, 150 miles. off, believing that to be the point threatened, and arrived there juat in time to be present at the attack- here were three turreted ironalada and a mortar-boot engaged, each ironclad being armed with a 15-inch and 11-inch
gun. Alter eight hours of incessant firing the ironclads din oft' leaving, however, the mortarboat etillengaged, which kept throwing shell into the fort the greater portion of the night. Today (the 3rd) none have resumed the attack, but how long it may be before the ball is renewed it is impossible to say. The Pederele are exceedingly anxious to take the position as it will enable them to turn the right of the Savannah defences by reaching the Gulf Railroad. The damage to the fort was trifling-the parapets and revetments somewhat knocked about, a gun dismounted, and a few men injured. It is calculated that at least fifty tons of metal were thrown into the work My sketch is very rough, as it was made amidst flying sand and earth, besides which I had to keep dodging pretty briskly. We hear that the Federal transports are landing troops lower down; if so, we shall have it hot and strong.
-  AOIERICA.

By the arrival of the steamer Hanea we have received New lark journals to the 11th inst.

WAR NEWS.

President Lincoln has reviewed the army of the Potoonae by brigades.

The long-expected attack on Pert Stinter commenced on Tuesday, the 7th met. In the early part of the day four of the Fedora! ironelude were engaged, In the afternoon seven. took part in the bombardment. They withdrew at five o'clock in the afternoon witheat hating effected their object. The Confederates speak of one man killed and floe badly wounded in Port Sooner. The Federal ironcoed Keokcsk was injured. The Confederate Ironelads teak no pro-minent part in the action.

The negro expedition has evacuated Jacksonville, Florida, and,

after burning the town, returned to Port Royal.

The Confederates under Generale Hill and Pettigrew, 10,001 strong, have surrounded Washington, North Carolina, which is occupied by the Federal force under General Foster, estimated at 3000 strong. The Confederates have erected a battery five miles below Washington, commanding the channel between that pl'aoe end Newbere, thus cutting off the Federal communications with Newborn, General Fester sent to Newborn for reinforcements. A steamer accordingly loft Boanfort for Weehingtou, boot was fired at by Confederate batteries on shore end compelled to return.

The siege of iekebnrg progresses. General Grant had succeeded in placing a battery of 84pounder Perrott gone beyond the levde in a poeitien to reach Viekehurg. Another canal, which is to be eight miles in length, has been commenced across the peninsula near Vickeburg. beyond the rings of the Confederate batteree,.

 Admiral Ferregut is safe, end commands the Mississippi between Port Hudson end Yiekeburg. He is thus able to step the eerrent of supplies which the Confederates have hitherto received from Texas by way of the Red River.

Admiral Porter's official report of his attempt to reach Yeeee, by wey of the Sunflower River, is published. During eight days he woe-bed his way up with his gun-beats only seventy miles. The channels were exceedingly narrow and filled with obstructions. The expedition was finally checked when within 803 yards of the point Admiral Porter desired to reach. He estimates that the Confederates burned '20,000 bales of cotton along his rents, beside, what he himself burned. Manyplenters manifested affection for the Federal flag. and the negroes were unanimous in devotion to it.

The Confederates have burned two Federal steamers on the Trnneaeee River, and captured the Federal steamer Diana on the Atchafayala River, after a sharp engagement, in which the Federal Ceptain end several gunners were killed.

On the other hand, the Confederate gun-boat Vickeburg broke from her moorings during a storm, and floated down the river until she fell into the hands of Admiral Farraget.

The Confederate, have crossed the Rio Grande into hfsrioe, and captured two Federal officers and three privates (probably "loyal" refegcee from Texas). The Mexican aocthoritios, however, having demaaded the surrender of the prisoners, they were all released except, one, who was reported to have been hung by the Confederates.

It is uedereteood that no further efforts to rules negro regiments will he made in the Pica States.

wAenxecororr.

The joint Committee of both Houses of Ceogveoo on the cnn-hot of the war have presented their report, It censures General M'Clollan'e whole military course since his appointment to the command of the army of the Potomac and points to him as the oaueeef the failure of the eomy to take Bicl'menud. General Binwelds's plans for dislodging The Confederates at l1'rederickebou'g, subsequently to his defeat in December, are declared to have been thwarted by the iaterferecane of¥ The President, who gave oar to prejudicial statements agamet General Buruside from subordinate ofliosre, and countermanded his orders for an ads-sacs.  -

Washington correspondents agree in stating that the relations between tho British and Federal Governments are very much etrameel by the questions of rights of neutrals at sea at issue between them.

MIeoOcO.L&OOnOUs.

Governor Ted, the Republican Governor of Ohio, has been arrested by order of the grand jury of Fairfield County, Ohio, on a charge of hednappmg Dr. Olds, a prominent Democrat, who was arbitrarily serostsd and imprisoned in Fort Lafayette. The Governor was admitted to bail.

A large mooring has been held in New York in aid of the distreeo among the agricultural and operative classes in Ireland, General M'Clellan, Archbishop Hughes, and Judge Daly addressed the meeting. An appeal to the American people has been issued by the Central Committee for the relief of Irish distress.

The majority of the Pennsylvania Senatorial Investigating Committee report that Mr. Cameron was guilty of offering bribes to secure his election to the United States Senate.

I In Connecticut a Republican Governor and Republican State officers
Some of ;or readers whohave corresp6ndent i America may bar, received, an exceedingly humorous and caustic weekly yubhoatin

called Vanity .Fair, and which aspired to be the Now York Punch. J'anity Fair, after an existence of three or four years, has just expired. That wonderful rowdy "Manhattan" ascribes its downfall to the dearth of comic wrotaxu in America, and. states that an express was cent to England to implore Mr. John Brougham and another Transatlantic humorist to coins out to New York and revive the moribund. journal. We don't think that the reason given is the correct one. There is no lack of writers, facetious or satirical, in the State,. Indeed, our cousins have a natural turn for grim humour and saturnine pers/a9c. The dsfIcultiee against which every comic journal in America has to struggle, and which must ultimately overwhelm it, lie in the paucity, if not the actual non-existence, of clever caricaturists who are accomplished draughtociun as well as satirists. In. England even we can count the really first-rate caricaturist, on our fingers. When Cruikoharik, Phiz. Leech, Doyle, Yesmy Meadows, end Tenniel have been enumerated, how many remain? In Franc,, after Cbam, Dauscsier, Bortall, and Henry Monnier (we don't hold Ilaroiwi or Guotas'e Dm4 to be caricaturist, at all), the catalagaw sinks into mediocrity. But in America there are as yet no eomus draughtsmen with a tithe of the talent which oven our second-cots pictorial satirists possess.
ROUSE OF COMMONS.-WMDNMSDAY.

Lord A. Cherehf I gave notice of his intention to ask the Soltctlar.Generel ,on Friday night, whether British merchant vessels trading between anatraf j'efl weeld be jerttenk in defending themselves by force of arena eg&f Froleeat slips of wee.

Iww hwweee'err4,4ek4ltkr BuM wee real a ....ec...t o... -

ROUSE OF LORDS.-Tgrntsijjy

Seect;nce en eteElticats Cnucaaito.-A discussion took piece, originated by the Macgets at tjheerieeede, respecting the right of capturing British vessels oeppoecd to contain contraband of tree. Reel ltneeet, the Marl of Derby, abe Bert of Ceeceerveet. cad Earl Grey took part in It. It was of a precticty eleetuer -cleat aries to that athlete took place In the House, of Commons, of which we give e hrlcf enemnary.

HOUSE OF OOMMONS.-ThuBSDAY.

SEIZURE OF BluFf 511 VESSELS BY AOttetttfkli eilifcestes. Mr. ltoaectec coiled attention to the conduct of Admiral Witkea in seizing

British veocele, end strongly commented upon the unwarrantable mares of precccdlegs of that eflrcr.

Len P.teaegotixew said the question was one of great importatibe, end all be meld my at Present was that it was receiving doe consideration on the pert of her Majeety'o Government, bathe was not then to a position to any what the result would be.

On the motion far going into Committee of Supply,

Mr. Betcteiret celled the attention of leer Majesty's Government to a state.

meat it the City article of the Times newspaper of the 17th inst. referring to

the ealeore of British vessels by the cruisers of the Northern States at Smarten, end moved for rertecia papers on the subject.

 Pete. Fetareret expressed a wish for the production of certain ether papers connected with the subject,

Mr. Pittwieetaaa'tcleyeeeated the tone of Me. lteehack'a speech, ned thought that if we were compelled to cater into a eoeteat with America it should he upon a qaeotiee where the honour and dignity of the country were concerned.

Pete. Lax.tttie eepew'n'd the greatest eorpeiae at the conduct of certain hen.

members en the, opposite side of the Moose, particularly after the explanation of the settee Lord at the head of the Government. The hen. gentlemen tiled proceeded to rend the eerreependmice which had taken place between Mart lteeeott cmi the Featesanter-General, in which they decided that, as a chip was Ibdele to seietna, hp the Americans for any letter to the Confederate States that might be in the fntre-hage, those vessels that were under contract should not he compelled to ccitt chose letter-hage. Me then defended the Government, generally, he tie'- course they had taken in their negotiations with the Aeoeriraet G,,vere,eteoot.

Ill. Wteixetoeetc mid, however surprised the lean. Under-Secretary might he

at the contact of m, mbara on the opposite aide of the Moose, he might root

eeaaeed that. wherever the honour or the interest of the country was meecerned the mrmteeeei Cleat flame weeld not be deterred by any feeling of sarpri%. on the part at the he,,. ;,en tleetean, or at the Government generally, from aakieeg then questions which they deemed necessary in order to gain Information which would guide theta in their conceits.

Sic It, Ocleeree wic-hiet to know whether the Government had really assented to the principle theet the .Aseerleaem might seize any of our vessels trading with eeetral part,, deeg them into a prize mint in the United States, and compel these to undergo e lengthened litigation. bolero justice could he done to their o"ne"'

The Sre.ere'rnet Cpeae'nkt mid that, en tee back as November last, Marl

ltewell protected egateect the aelseere of our vessels by American ernisom, unless after careful search and ewaeenable grounds to justify the capture being found Os tested. Mr. Seward had never attempted to joattly the ledheelminate eeieere of car merchant vessels, and fend seat out instructions to the American eilleeee to he a'ee'3 rtee,'fel net to seize upon nay vessels battbaee that were eeioeylee control wme,l cc war.

Len It. Cneeee cold Mint tile Federal ships had unjustifiably seized name of

out ships, an(], while ear Government was ceaeiderlng what it should do, Mr.

Adonis wee meeter at the tefi, and our commerce was emitting under their conduct, Already it,' imeaaeeeeece, nice were rateed on our shipping in tense. lpa-eeei' if the ehele' at one' ralatlene with America, and he thought that the peeteelotietec of fir, fee, arel were set of much value. when it was notorious that Admiral With,', estee eeahleg the most piratleat attacks open our "sails.

Ill, it. Ot;ee,eeeae hated that the fleece would repose their etmeeteoefelenee In the edcte-at ccitt direretien of the nahtc Lord at the head of the Govern. scent, and tteprtvot'et a continuance et a disculsion calculated to precipitate this eenetcy Into Sorer,

The subject thee dreppul, and the motion woe withdrawn.

PrnfeesnrAgossic begins, in the loot Atlantic, a now series

of erIe elide ooti'-t.',,. "titter the title"America the Old World," In. which he eenle,teitee that ltee, Am,e,'rirae, rn,ee.teeeech less bean falsely demeohoeted the New 'World. "I-tact wee tIer rent dry fated lifted out at the waters, hare was the lint, there tlnet eta- eec-ted hr the aeaeee that enveloped au the world beside ; and sated,, ttorete rrprraeeie'h only by islands rising here act there above the rest. Ass-rIce also cciv etretcieed an unbroken fine of toed from Nova Sgntis, in Ill. Ear W,1,"
-  AMERICA.

By the arrival of the steamer City of New York we haye telegrams

to the evening of the 18th nit.

WAR omWS.

The Charleston ATei'uiu says that Fort Sumter, although somewhat;

pitted is as strong as ever. It is estimated that the Fsderais fired.

eighty shots, forty of which struck the fort. No one was killed in it.

The Federal ironulsels sailed from Charleston, southward, on the

12th cit. General Beauregard has issued a congratulatory address to the treope on the result of the engagement of the 7th.

From North Carolina there is nothing derisive. A steamer, con

taining one regiment and supplies, had reached General Fosler, sA Washington, on the 4th.

The Confederates, under General Longs' rest, continue to invggir

Suffolk, where the Federals are fortifying themselves. Heavy skir-mishing occurs daily. The Confederates have attempted to cub oft

the Federals' communication with Norfolk.

A coops of 15,000 Confederates, under Van Done, had attacked.

Franklin, 'Tennessee, and is reported to have been repulsed with a less of 300 men,

Southern reports tats that Admiral Farragut was near the lIed.

River, between two batteries, unable to peas oither of them.

Southern despatches from Vickebueg to the 10th u1t state that there eec sufficient supplies there to last the garrison for two years. It is fortified by 22(1 cannon. At preoont it is hold by net more than 6000 troops, but, in case of attack, reinforcements can be had. The. Confederates are making preparations on the lOrd River.

A. Federal ironclad was abandoned and destroyed at the mouth of

the Annite River, Louisiana.

The Federals have undertaken an expedition up the CoidwatseRiver, in the northern part of the State of Mississippi. Fifty-throe

 gon.boats tabs port in it.

General Coreoren, of the Irish Brigade, has shot O.s1onl Ki uball, a native American dead, because the. latter attempted to pr-event. General Corcoranl'rom parsing the pickets. Plus event hi oarsf great excitement in the army.

Tfl13 coNrnDxeiu.ree STATRO.

In compliance with a request of Congress President Davis haL ieiiied an address to the people ci the soutciern States. Hr says that the greatest danger to the Southern cause is the general planting of cotton and tobacco instead of grain, beans, peas, potatoes, and other food for man and beast. The address concludes as follows-.-. "Entertaining no fear that the people. will misconstrue the motives of this address, or fail to respond to the call of patriotism, 1 place the facts fully end frankly before the people. There is little dou'eb, that, if the people unite in doing then- duty, the sovereignty said

independence of the Confederate States will be maintained."

Alsrge number of steamers and sailin-vosaol ooeetinas to arrive at Nassau from Southern ports, or gain' entrance into Charleston. From March 10 to April 10 fourteen vessels laden with cotton arrived at Nassau.

TUX norm or Tim i'orrreuoco]re',

It is reported that Mr. Seward is in favour of surrendering the. Peterheff. The Prize Commissioners at New York hold the mail-bag of this steamer, and had invited the British Consul at Now Yolk to be present when it was opened. They also offered him the privilege of opening it, but he declined. The Government afterward to lsgranted that the mail-bag was not to be opened until fnrthacinstructions. Lord Lyons demands the return of the mail-bag un

opened. lnOCIeLL&OOEOTJO.

The Secretary of the Treasury has initiated the System of granting

some of the variant clerkebipe to 'women. Among the female apoiubcos is Mrs, Jane C. Swieshehu, a popular journalist and writer of novels.

The Now York journals regard the speeches of Lord Palrnerston and. the Solicitor-Conceal on the ease of the Alabama as betraying a feeling of hostility to the United States; and all, except the World, threaten reprisals at some future time. But the speech of Pentenaster-Ganeral Blair, at the late 'Union meeting in New York, was much more favourable to peace then the single passage quoted from it in the telegrams led the English public to suppose. Mr. Blair, on the contrary, son-. damned the language of General Butler towards England, and expressed. his eonflclence that the English nation would see to it that LO a-lisln ports should not be used for raising a fleet to prey upon Northern commerce. his expressed himself adverse to any cruxes of aotioee which should put it in the power of the aristocracy to carry the English people with them on a question of war with the United Slates. in Quinine, opium, morphine, and other drugs, are 401) per cent dearer

ths United States than they were a twelvemonth age.
IJIET2WPO4)V NEW&

- The collection of finished pictures and sketches of theAmerican

rtIo, . P. Oopey, liuotathg tho grand and boatitiftol toonery too

America, as well as views in other eoeetrteo, smloorIn In all 111 flotohal

weeks, tecleslio,g his loot floe londsoape, "Itteloonomj 10111, was on Wednesday sileporeol ofi lop Meese. Footer, The wbole realised about 1200 gain0a.

thin cosomleoce guuuoosrerd Lu r,tam.v, mu Jljuu.udl,ol ,IIf11k

It is affirmed, on authority, that the frank explanations of

Mr. Adorns. the Asterism, Aesbeownior, bare eofteoe,l down the dtvagreoolent rccautoncd by his giving a cgxthlcete to the vowel which soiled to Matarnseus a few doy 1iice.
THE) WREHAWKN. '

Wr give an Engraving of the Weehawken, one of the nine Federal iron-clad gun-boats onin the recent attack on Charleston. This vessel shows only about sixteen inches above water. Her tower revolves by means of a small engine, and its weight rests on the central shaft, the lower portion of which bears on the keelsons. During action all apertures are shut, ventilation r kept up by two fans, which .9 in sir from the top of the tower, and the boiler - furnace aaxries out all foul air. In one of the enemy boarding, the guns may be brought to bear on deck, and hand-grenades thrown from

the top of the turret. In the engagement at Ullarieston the

Weehawken acted as pioneer, having attached to her bow an )rioeaon raft, intended to lift or explode submarine torpedoes. During the

~ night following the bombardment she lost her raft, which was wished

ashore on Morris Ieland, and taken possession of by the enemy.
- LONDON: SATURDAY, MAY 2, IM,

Toes great "artillery duel," as American writers are so fond of calling what used to be termed a cannonade, seems to have

astounded the Federal organs into something like frankness

and veracity. They admit, almost candidly, that the Confederates have fairly beaten the fleet of the North. We would meet them in a similar opirif, by saying that (apart from the fact that the terrible swagger with which the certain destruction of Charli stun was announced has been mest sadly rebuked) three is nothing to be ashamed of in the repulse that has been sadeirred. The South had deco everything that science couldSuggest to male the harbour impregnable, and the advantages were chiefly on the Confederate side. The lire of the defenders mass awful, and yet but one vessel was sunk and one placed hos do combat, and the Northern commander affected a safe retreat with the others. A "safe retreat" is, to judge by the history of the war, the height of the ambition of Federal land captains; and the Federal sea captains, who have occasionally done much more, are not to be assailed for having simply kept up to the standard of Union successes. It behoves usat home to study this conflict with reference to more important considersfloes than the reputation of American leaders but into this pert of the business we do not propose to enter at present.

Charleston is deride. It is said that Washington, in North

Carolina, baa been relieved; but we are uncertain on this point

tickaburg is described as being prepared for the fiercest attack, and victuelled for the longest siege likely to be laid. There are the uenal rumours of mysterious movements, and of great things that are to be suddenly done ; but we might keep this sentence in stereotype, as also its usual lame anti-climax, which arrives with the nat batch of telegrams, The war may be said, briefly, to he in the most unsatisfactory state as regards the North; and die roper of largest circulation there distinctly asserts that a trials is approaching in which it will be necessary to hand over the Union to a military dictator and despot-the words are the journal's own. It comforts the people by precedents to show that the natural progress of all Statee is from liberty to despotism; so that, we presume, England, who thinks herself not to be entirely without some little remnant of freedom, is considered to helm a transition condition. We can wait.

Meantime, and while looking nut for a dictator, and c-hUe the many Isles every opportunity of cheering "little Mae," the dew made Fresbytu-lan, in proof that the soldiers comprehend the real meaning of the elaborate pamphlet published

:'fiairlat l,ius by tile Ilepchliran cc,, miesigucra, the American Ceveesaneart, ne are told, Iras sr.cde up its mind to inform Earl
Russell that if auotcr vessel of English build gets into the bends of the Confederates, Load Lyons and Mr. Adams shall charge places. Of course, if this he true, the probabilities are in favour of a collision. We think we may assume it as certain that no one, save the workers of the American press Ia London, will ask Lord Russell to propose to Parliainuat to change tIi law-the Foreign Enlistment law. Even to please Mr. Seward, we are not prepared to accelerate the progress which we are said to be making along the road to a despotism. We must continue to adhere to the old Saxon rule which, its the snout unenlightened manner, prescribes that there shall be some evidence of guilt before anybody is punished. The law has been fairly worked. In one single ease an offender escaped us, as hundreds have escaped from the vigilance of the American authorities themselves, though they had ten times the means of preventing such escapes, and were hound by no superstitions regard for the arrangements called laws. But where evidence could be obtained we have interfered, and the Alexandra lies in helpless captivity. Mr. Seward knows all this perfectly well, and we doubt not that at his own table bespeaks with all recoguitiOn of the bone thins of the English Government, though the necessities of party, for which we make all allowance, induce him to permit agitation against this country, and may have even driven him to the extreme step of requiring us to commit illegal acts in order to sttisfy the North. We speak of Mr. Seward, for it is clear that the Government has virtually passed from the hands of the goodnatured attorney, who ought to have been left to entertain his friends with highly-flavoured anecdotes in Kentucky. Mr. Seward must understand that there is nothing England would so much hate as a war with America, except one thing, and that is a cowardly suet thee of an Englishman's rights to the protection of the law, until it can be shown that there is a priand facie case for converting the protector into a PunhslC1

 We are not, however, in the absence of more specific. info r. mallen, inclined to believe that Mr. Seward has clone more than reiterate the complaints which have been so conclusively answered by Earl Russell, oven if the American statesman has done so much. The kind of despatch which has been described would leave next to nothing to be done beyond a recall of Lord Lions, and then the fatal preparation for that for which Mr. Roebuck, in language that cannot be condemned more strongly than it. deserves, needlessly stated we were ready, calling out himself the indignant reproof of the gencrous.heartecl Moucklon Mimes. For such an issue we believe that n states. man in America is really pecpared; and the mercantile and educated classes would, we imagine, signify in an unmistakable *y, at need, that the destinies of their country had been played with long enough. The instant recognition of the South would follow, the blockade would be. forced wherever it interfered with commerce, and if France did not rash into the quarrel it would only be because her mediatiosi wou1c sought by those who have so rudely repulsed it, in confidence in the will and power Of England to keep her ally in good temper. We aced not point to Canada in arms to the strength of that pcsitlou about which so much uconsenso has been talked, but which American soldiers are now declaring to be es formidable as anything in the South for to the invasion qf Canada we do not believe the war would ever come. But for any part of this programme the American Government is unprepared, and Mr. Seward will hardly have risked new damage to the amoar prtpn't' of hi subjects by sending a despatch which can receive no notice beyond acknowledgment, We should hear, with a gladness for which the American press will give us no credit, but which tl better nature of those who sent the Griswold to Liverpool will surely no clerstrmd, that the Charleston lesson, in which there is no disgrace, has been accepted by the North as a final intimation that the crimson flag with the blue cross is not to be pulled down, and therefore had batter be saluted. We write these lines on the anniversary of the proclamation of European peace seven pears ago, and wish we could, find an omen in the date.
SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT.

7iccs is not so humdrum a Session after all. The old features fire cc misg out, and the only new habit that prevails as yet is that late aitfirs are the exception, end there is a tone of remonstrance about the lower Hence against lapsing into that pernicious eastern. It is curious to observe how little influence the Government peseossas in the regulation and management of the Commons-witness the other night, when the first of the two debates on our relations with America which have occurred in the lasi live or air days was forced en against the manifest reluctance of Ministers. Mr Bsntfnclr had given notice of a motion, which would have brought the subject on; Kt it s rrmed that attempts had been made to etavait oil, and it is poceiblo that the formal motion might have been begged away. But Er, llcrbnclr,in an atrabilaricus rage, dashedinto an extempore assault en his qnondsm'brothere across the Atlantic, and proceeded, in his summary and execrating macthor, to put them out of the pale of ossilised humsuily. He get up a raw, and was splashing about in the turmoil with evident enjoyment, when Lord Palmerston tried to stop hint by the artful device of jumping up to answer a question he had Asked during one of those pauses which lsesometimes makes withmterst to concentrate bin rrienimetit into me special and high-spiced anathcma. Best in vain. Mr. Rational: bad reviewed his vocabulary of contempt and soloated his adequate phrases, and he was not to be baulked in their enunciation

sndho wasnet. The sensitive believers an Federal exoollonoo shuddered and obreelc froth the hot blast of his indignation; and Mr. Bentinok, being n atursily annoyed at having his coosparativoly mild thunder -anticipated was not to be tempted by the meek request of the Premier to Isthim move the grant for the memorial to the Prince Concoct before the motions name on, doubtless in the belief that that subject might produce n feeling of harmony, the eltacts of which would neutralise the acidity, not to say bitterness, of the subecqurut discussion. But it was clear that the Aeucricau question had got together a large House, the Opposition mustering in fares; and cc Mr. Bentiurk went on in what would bave boon a forcible style bad it rot him weakened by contrast with Mr. Pitebuek's miraculous flow of ace tbity. And so the debate continued, and Mr. Maims was able to state, nith bisususi rotund emphatic, that ho felt himself "humiliated every morning" at the insults inflicted by Commodore Wilkac en the British Bag; and Mr. Bernal Osborne-who was supposed to have, for this Eesaionat least, abandoned Parliamentary flowers of speech for the cultivation of cabbages in Ireland, hot who somehow or ether turned up when arrangements for filling vacant offices were in psvgrece-wae enabled to Assume an sir of virtuous severity, and to rebuke those who sought to promote irritation in America, and who, lie insinuated, were in doubt whether the interests and honour of the country were safe in the hands of that very Government; which last July hi himeeif denounced in his most powerful and therefore most diaegrccable style.

 Much more digeifled and argumentative was the second dircusaisn en this subject, which was initiated by Mr. Hersfali in a most able and impressive speech, end which was eupplamantod. by Mr. Cobdsn in his snctisn from the ether point of view-namely, that of placating the Pcderalewlaile Mr. Horsisil demanded that they slyonld. net have ovcrjthihg theft own way. No man has proved more practically than Mr. Cobden his faith in American institutionI and American people; for he trusted them with his money, and lost it. That he is net mercenary, and that he hardly understands the value of money, he has also proved; and therefore it, is probable that he of all men would ho lssst likely to have has convictions in. a nation shaken by the lees of mere pall; but certainly it doss seem something verging on simplicity to heir him arguing, and -with no little skill, that the nasmal tendency of the Americans has been. to forbearance and kindly dealing to this country. The ingenuity with which on the peasant occasion he illustratedtbisdpgma from the oconn'sneoe of the robelhonin Canada, was remarkable; and his whole Argument and speech, delivered as earnestly and in such trod faith, angered on amiable credulity whirlapeoplo have somehow begun to discover is a paramount quality in see whom they had once thought the very type and symbol of a bard-headed, practical man. In these international debates it was amusing, but at the same time rather painful, to witness the quiet deposition of (ha that law officer of the Orswn from the chief pleas as the organ of the Government. In the present ease, as there were two debates, although the subject Y. as cognate, the Solioltor-Osnaral was resorted to sum up the mass in that which was specially originated by Mr. Cobdeu; and therefore it was necessary, that the Attorney(Irnarsi should take an early part in the discussion. It was cruel of Mr. Wbitsside to say that this high legal functionary had missed all the points, but that be supposed the Solicitor-General could supply the deficiencies of his senior officer; and it was cruel of the House to burst into ironical laughter when, later, the Sslieitor.Ganeral, with some naivete, caid that he thought his noble and learned friend had not been understood. But when the House takes up sue idea about one of its members it seldom, if aver, relinquishes ii; and so en able leveler and a practical man of business, who has fought his way to the highest positions in his profession, is placed under a Parliament esy ostracism, principally, as we believe, because he has not ctuglst the knack of the pines. In enewer to Mr. Whitoside's call, there cams a response from the Solicitor-General in posoe; that is Mr. Collier, who intarvenad, and enabled the Solicitor-Usneral its sate to bold his allotted place-in the debate. The feature of the discussion, bewevea was the Appearance, for the first time this Session, of Mr. Rcrscnon; and he draw all the eoverte of the Houss for everybody flcekrd in to hear him. Well, he was tens to his inspirations, for such a tisauo of gentlemanly imprecation flowed from him as perhaps even he lass nnvdr befero prsduoed; One understands Mr. Itoobnsk'e rugged irsaoibility, and the spontsnsity of his ire; when he says bitter things, anddencunces, like Habablcok Muolrlsssrath, eve know that the man sam a rags, and that the Abundance of his heartis pouring throggb his lips. But ens does not comprehend the cold, calm delivery, in rounded, polished sentences, of a prepared oration, which consists of: tthe sharpest and most virulent abuse, which does not seam to rub, from the midst of a white heat at passion, but to odes out of an aesomulated mess of lllhoimoar and dislike. Is Mr. Horsman aware that

 he absolutely shocked Mr. Bernal Oeboinc f. -

nIPEBIAL PARLIAMENT.

HOUSE OF LORDS-Mont

Tim Yac'cnsoo Guvincrcacsrcv AND llnircorc MAIL-r.sos.--narl Itososcon meets an tuftortant statement with reference e ths mama taken by the ,,rd,-re, cutlcecteics respecting the mailbog carried by the Peierlcoff. When the tag mr,cebcdatew York thsEngileh Consul e,retceteclagaluss Ito boleg opened, and required that, an accordance ssitls Mr. Sewsrd's Instructions to Secretary Wcllre, it should be famwarded to ice deatl,,stleu-Matsutsrse. The Federal suibsriclrs, however, dieregorded this pretest, broke the scale, and cock cut the letters, all of wlcicls were direetrd to lialeneerscc. The. l'riee Deere, going stirs further, decided that lIce ecelrsgrs should be epsoed, and, he the fin t iccsla,crc, they requested her alcciecty'a Consul to opec thee,, -to forward till atoll CcIc priveec letinne to their cleucluetton, and to baud ever those recetaug to the rasps to the Trscce Costed, The Consul declined to brooms n party to such s prmiirtclieg; end, the matter having been rurerte,5 to Lens Lyons, his scacellmuoy waltnl spec Mr. tceword, alec sent hulrurtieas to New tack thesl, until further orders from Weebingtcn. the reec was to remain in suspense. This wss the state of things at the tines the mail left, and the noble Earl Icepeel the Jlis.ce would net pews for the opinion of the law officers of the Crown oil Sire selcf ret, see that opinion would have to be camfully weigh

the Csvercc,ecrt before any directions were sent act to Lout Lys,ce. An adolftiers! mnccou for eekiaeg 01cc indulgence of their Lordships wee that "the next; mail night entirely idler the facto of the case." The statement of the noble Earl was received with cheers, and the [[coos seemed to fees thee farce of the erounds dc which he declined to feb11 the promise he made on l'ridey eight.
HOUSE OF LORDS~TaURSDAY.

THE fll'ISlI MAIL-11AGS IX AMERICA,

Earl ltrotET.L said, the question of the Potorhal! and the detention at her lfscsty'o mails having been the subject at discussion to that House, it might' lao desirable for hiatt to state the sebtaCoOf the taforuitstiu its hal received tleat. day front Lord Lyons. Lord Lyons stated that, in renewer to hia appliestiust with regard to the vomel and cargo of the i'steriseff, the American Goyarurnont bed decided that they rliould not release the vessel, and had debereatned to scud her before the reizo Court. With regard to the maUbages sent by her Majesty's Postmaster General, in conformity with the letter of Oct. Ii, 11507 would be tent to their destination unopened. Mr. toward also at&tod that in any similar rate he should proceed in tics same course until some agreement; lead been arrived at between her Majesty's Government and tiec United Sbatea' Goevrmnent; and said lie did not think that the law of natietess laid (town any precise rub with regard to the somewhat novel practice of ferecorcltag mails by private chips, and therefore he wished to cooks an ietimtio to base Majesty's Government, but he would not state what that ccsmmunicatioia.'esoa[4, be, bceseee it was a matter for srrboequeztt cenotfeaution.

Lord Ceaptalywolila asked if ho uesdorotood the treble Earl to any that the mails would be forwarded without breaking the seal?

Earl RUSSELL sold the noble Local heat correctly seudrratood what hail baan stated, and when the communication bad been received from the American Government her Majesty's Government would, of course, ooueider what. answer they would give, and what proceedings they woald take Ia coloreuca to the matter . ..............

5.1 ._.... .....i  P.1 LI

 HOUSE _OF OOrSIMONS.-THU11SDAI

Taste CASE Or' TUE l'etTEltelOPP.-Mr. LLTLU1D, he reply to Mi., W. retrace, raid that a despatch lied been received that day at the Ii'orelgn Ouitco fccno Lord Lyons, ecmmuniresting the information that Mr. Seward had giver, directions that the atoll bags noised on board the Poterleoff should be seat to their destination without being opened. The ship, however, was ordered to go before a Price Court. .

ALLEGED ENLISTMENT OF BRITfSH SUBJECTS FOR T1111 FEnteocAb Aaat.ev.-Wo loam from a lohiobook just ironed that some corre

spetudenco lisa passed between Earl Russell and Mr. Adams on the subject the alleged recruiting in the United Kingdom for the Federal army. As tow back a the 20th et November last, the Foreign Secretary intimated to the United States' Minister that the Government had been informed by persons "to whom they were disposed to give credit" that recruiting for the Nortleeni. cervion was being carried on in this country by agents who altered large bounties. Mr. Manes gave a general dental to the report, and Earl ltnsosll eseboeqeecotly informed his Excellency that, further inquiries showed that the ntttcmOaota as to the 'alleged recruiting in London" were without foundation. On the 18h Inst., however, tire noble Earl, called Mr. Adaaao'B attention to the ereteccire emigration from Ireland-rcmnsrklng that a report which had reached the Government on the subject was to the effect that "it. cannot be doubled that the emigrants era intended for the United State" army, and that, in fact, many of them do not deny it." Mr. Adams replied. that numerous applications had been made to him for a face passage, and that a considerable proportion of these contained offers to enhiat In the soti'iae O

the Northern (internment. But he had uniformly, rejected these proposals, essi lead instructed the consular agents of the Federal States to decline all such effect. "I have noreason tobolicve," h,'edUed, "that city American oitlal010 in Misplaced, clothed with authority, has ventured to act in any other W5y." Mr. Adams also appease to have complained of the Confederate lean and the capply of arms to the South, best Earl Russell maintained for lila conobryincan a right, which the Americans themselves have always assorted, to lend money or sell nanaeitiolaa of war to a belligerent. Another grievance of the Federal Minister was that English cellars had entered the naval service of the Goat' federate ideates; but Bail Russell retorted with a request that ' before you repeaL 'car, ecisplaiaeae that British callers hart. entered the serviec at the socalled Ceafederate States, you will furilisit me with proofs that oil British rsibjrota reeving in the Federal army or navy have been ellseliargeil, and orders given not to relict or eugene such lrrwom to serve In arena contrary to that lectern tf her Majesty's procloucaticai."
THE ATTACK ON CHA3LESTON.

Admiral Dopont, who coonnanded the Federal iron fleet in the attack on Charleston, has mode his report of the engagement to the Secretary of the Navy, but it has not been published, as the Government "does not consider it sufficiently explicit." But descriptions of the whole attack have been given by the New York journals.

The expedition had been in preparation for a considerable time. As the iron vessels were completed they were collected on the Secnh Carolina coast,

and daring the week preceding the 7th of April the fleet had been nuietly assembling in the North Edisto River, which is about midway between Port Royal and Charleston. The whole force consisted of nine iron cased steamers or Monitors-the name of the first vessel of the kind constructed for actual service having been adopted to describe the entire class. There waa a squadron of reserve, consisting of five more vessels, which were to have supported the attack, but these ships took no part in the engagement.

The Federal fleet crossed the bar on the morning of the 5th of April and anchored inside it, in the main ship channel. The old passage through the bar has been abstracted by the "atone fleet" the Federals sunk in it with the intention to destroy the harbour; but the action of the tides has farmed anew channel, and through this the Monitors paused.

The following description of the position of the forts renders the accounts of the engagement Intelligible, and, indeed, explains the defeat. The only channels of entrance were commanded and swept by the heavy gone of the forte and batteries. All the defensive works mentioned, except Forts floonter and Real trio, have been constructed since the commencement of the war

 "Ta the left of the channel, on entering Charleston harbour, is Morris Inland, and is the right Sasllivan's sland. The batteries on the former command the maims ship channel, and those on the latter the Swash and North Channel. In front and at short range from these channels Is Fort Sumter, with Fort Monltrle apposite, on the right, and the fort on Comocolog's Paint at the left. All the principal channels converge and ran between MonlIris and Sumter, and beyond these are Foot Ripley, and Castle Pinelmey. On Sofllvan'e Island is a battery at the north end, guarding Breach Inlet, which Is too distant to disturb the passage of our vessels, and nearer, and close to the Mooltu-le Hotel, in a strong sand battery called Port Beauregard; south of Comnmiog's Point Battery is Fort Wagner; and there is another fortification on the inlet whiola divides Morris from Folly Island.

The nine Monitors engaged were the Woehawken (with an Brleseon raft chained to her bow); the Paessaie, Captain Percival Draytsn; the Monlank, Commander John L. Warden; the Patapeco, Commander Daniel Amman; the Now Ironsides, Commander Thomas Turner; the Catskill, Commander il. W. Rogers- the Nantucket, Commander Donald MN; Fairfax; the Nahant, Commander John Dcwnso; and the lisekeek, Lieutenant. Commander Alexander G. Thud.

Admiral Dupont was on board the New Ircnaidea, from which all the signals wore made. Atone o'clock, altar a short prayer had been read by the Captain of the Ironsidsa, the fleet advanced to the attack in single line, the ships following each other in the order in which they are named above. A delay of nearly an hear was canoed by the raft of the Weehawken, intended to his or explode the submarine torpedoes, becoming entangled. At two o'clock, however, all was clear again, and the line advanced. The first ship, the Weolaawkeo, was nearly fear miles from the point the float, was Ordered to make before opening fire; and all the batteries on Morris Island, the ships passing within easy range of each, had to be ran. As the vessels steamed slowly by, however, the forts on the island were silent. The Confederates reserved their fire I It coald be delivered with the otmoet Possible effect. At three in the afternoon the fleet rounded the point coming within the range of the guns of Fort Sumter and the batteries on Scllivan'a Island. They opened their fire on the advancing ships, and with terrible results,

 The correspondent of the I'ribaae, who was on board the Irunsidas says

"Six bells had just struck when a doll sound, like that of a sledge.'hamaosar upon an anvil, was board on the bow-port aids. It was the hostile greeting of Fort Sumter, now Within 1155 yards of us. A. second and third, more violently than the first, shook the aides of the ship. Soon came whizzing and humming of rifled and round shot and shell overhead. Still the successive discharges could be distinguished. The several reports bed not yet been drowned, so to speak , in a continuous roar. But, hark I there is a'ravarhsration as though of numerous, simultaneous thunder-claps; now a fierce nocsaaing roar vibrating the air with a violence that causes even the solid mass of our ship to tremble. A leek through the span port on the port side discloses the cause of the furious Outburst. The first fear Monitors had reached the converging point of the lire of Cummiog's Point Battery, Forts Sneutec' and Moultris, and Battery Boo. One after the other had steadily steamed, without thing a shot, to the verge of the concentrating ranges. The enemy evidently reserved their main fire for work at close quarters; but when the Weehawlson had reached within (100 yards of Fort Sumter a bog, bread, brilliant flame suddenly leaped from its aide, with all but simultaneous intense glares from Comming e Point and Muoltrie, followed instantaneously by Immsnac volumes Of smoke and a rain of Projectiles that fairly hid the turrets of our craft with spouts of water thrown up by the abet and shell.

 At this point of the action it was discovered that the outran uo channels were abstracted by lines of piles stretching acrasatham, which it was impossible to peso.

The report of the New York Times says:-" You can readily conceive that

this unleekcd-for catcppet utterly deranged the original intentions. The rebels were quite as well aware as we that the north-west fans of Ssemter is it. weakest point; that it was, hi fact, never finished, and therefore that ft would be first attacked; and they used means which admirable engineering skill would suggest to prevent our reaching it. Thus brought to a pause, it nnly remained for the irenulada to isles up such positions as they could. se, the complication was feather increased by the all-behaviour of the flagship, the Irsusnidsa. While steaming along up through the passage in front of Blunter she was caught by the tideway and veered off from her course, and, bar hugs iron frame refusing to obey her rudder, she became isa great part unmanageable. This embarrassed nether nnl.y, but all that portion of the fleet following bar. The two Monitors immediately behind (the Catskill and the Nantucket) fell foul of her, one on one side and the other on the other, and it was full fifteen minutes before they could be get clear and pass on. In this plight it Only remained for Admiral llupont to signal to the fleet to disregard the movcmenteefthefiagslsip. Thiehedid, and tbeshipstbaeueasomed such poeltions as were available and they could gain, the whole number being at the mouth of the hsrbcsar between Caminiog's Point Red Sullivan's Inland, and opposite the north-east and sastem face of Fort Sumter, at distances of from (100 to 1000 yards. While the mausoovree rapidly indicated in these paragraphs an going an, you must not suppose the enemy is inactive. The powerful wait on CUM-11319's Point, named Battery Bee, opens; the long-range ride ordnance of Fort Beauregard joins in; Moulteto hurls its heavy metal; the lii guns that line the Bedan swell the firs; and the tremendous armament of Sumter vomits forth its fiery hail. There now ensues a period of not more than thirty minutes, Which loran the climax and white heat of the fight; for though from the time when the was opened on the bead of the approaching line to the time when the retiring fleet passed out of the enemy's rouge covered an interval of two hours and a halffrom half-past two till five, yet the essence of the fight was shut op in these thirty tremendous minutes."

 It being impossible longer to face the fire of 30 0 guns of the heaviest calibre,

or to advance under it, the signal was made to cease action and retire. The engagement ended at a few minutes after five o'clock:

"The full extent of the injuries In the tronnlads wag not known until their commanders personally reported them to the Admiral in the course of the evening. The Reokulc had 90 shots in all-is on the water-line (dl starboard, 7 port) Ii In the after turret (S of them through, 1 Whitsvorth, eteel.polntesj shot remained sticking in the wall); 10 in the forward turret (9 of them through); 25 on the sloping sides (19 starboard, 10 port) ; i through sheeting OR after tim-st; If through smoke -stack (7 through, a glanced); 4 through the beats; I glanced off the deck; I out signal-staff; P or 4 went through bbs flag. The New Ironsides was hit between 50 and If times, but sustelus,ej no material damage, The Weohawkon was struck 55 times. The turret was badly dented, and worked with difficulty. Many bells In the pilothouse had

Pbeen loosened and driven through. The Montauk was hit twenty timfo; the amaic is times. In addition to the damage already stated, her pilot-house

War Much Weakened by the 100sming and driving through ot the bolt.. The

antucket was struck 91 times, and had her barrel stopped twice by shot.

The Calakill received about the came number of shale. Both the latter

had their decks almost torn open by rifled bolts. The Patapeco was hit

between 45 and 50 times, and, besides the dIsabling of her Ott-pounder

Parroit, had her turret much footed and pilot-house weakened, The Nsosant

was struck 50 times, and lead her pilot .hoaaso almost broken into Pieces. Pour

coca warn
By the arrival of the steamers City of BeCtmors and Hibernian 'w have Now York journals to the 25th nit.

WAR NEWS.

The Federal gun-boats on the Nanoemonci River, Eastern Virginia, and a Federal force cooperating therewith, have stormed a (Jonfederate battery of air guns and captured 200 prisoners.

The Confederates have abandoned the siege of Washington, JTorth

Carolina.

Admiral Dupont's iron-clad fleet still remains off Charleston

Harbour. The Charleston Mercury asserts that the guns of the

iiken Federal ironclad Keokiik have been recovered by the Confederates.

On the Mississippi there was considerable activity.

On the night of the 16th Admiral Porter, with seven gun-boats, one rain, and, three transports, attempted to pass the Vaoksburg batteries. One transport was obliged to return, another was burnt, arid

it is supposed that all on board. were lost. The remainder of the vessels passed. safely, Eleven Federal gull-boats, inoladiag Admiral Faa'ragut's three, are now below Vioksburg. They have destroyed the Confederate batteries at Warrenton, about twenty miles below Vicksburg, and are anchored o5 Now Carthage, whore General Graut'e head.quaaters are established, and to which place a portion of General Grant's army had proceeded overland.

The steamer Queen of the West, recently captured by the Confederates, has been blown up by the Federal gun-boats and her crow captured. The Confederate steamer Diana has also been biorut on the Atohafapala River.

A portion of the forces under General Banks was abova Franklin,

 Louisiana, on the River Teohe.' The obect of General Banks's expe

dition was to capture Franklin, -whore 'all the Confederates below the

Red Ricer are supposed to be posted, and a victory at this place would open the way for an advance of the Federals to the Bed River.

A Federal division bad made an expedition from Greenville, Mis

sisoippi up Beer Creek, and, during six days, destroyed ourt on various plantations estimated at 3,01)0,000 do]s.,.oonzisting of cottonmills, cotton-gins, and 700,000 bushels of corn. They likewise brought away, a considerable amount of stores.

The Confederate ship-of-war Florida captured the Boston harqua Lapwing on the 27th of March, and put two guns and eighteen men on board. She has also captured the New qua bsrqu Concord. About the same time the Alabama chased two weasels ashore in Turk's Island Passage.

isnaariozss WITh UitLi.T iiitITAflO.

Earl Russell's letter of April 3, qonoerning the right of search in regard to British vessels trading with Matainoras, had created a, favourable impression on American public opinion, which had been fortified by the action taken by the British Government in seizing the Alexandra, For the present, the symptoms menacing to a continuance of psace have passed away.

The case of the Petsrhoff is pending before the New 'York Prize Court. The mail-bag has been delivered unopened to the British Consul by order of the District (Joint.

The British gun-boat Cygnet was fired at on the 4th nit, in the

Bahama Channel, by the Federal steamer Connecticut, who mistook the Cygnet for the Alabama. The Captain of the Cygnet went on board the Connecticut, and the affair was amicably settled.

MISCELLANEOUS.

President Lincoln ha proclaimed that Western Virginia will become' a State of the Union in sixty days from the date of he proclamation (April 20).

The clause in the Massachusetts Constitution requiring an adopted

citizen to reside two years in the State before he can exercise the audtugc has been repealed by a special popular vote.

The ecotly institute built and endowed by Mr. Peabody, at Baltimore, as nearly finished, but the trustees have concluded not to inaugurate the institution until after the close of the war. The meet interesting feature about the building is the library-room, 00 ft. long and 40 ft, wide.

The constitutionality of the "Black laws" of Illinois, under whiah

coloured people are excluded from the commonwealth, is to be tested

an the Supreme Court of that State.

A new war-frigate for the King of Italy has been launahed at Now York.

The Governor of New York vetoed a bill allowing soldiers and saGas to vote by proxy. The Senate passed the bill over the Governor a esfo, but at failed in the Lower House to airjuire the requisite two-thirds majority.

It. is midcrrtooG (oa.'o the Ticsce) that the Government of tho

Veitcd States bays 1oltesi to wee an agent to thisc3tintry vorond in niaritline

ned hitonattooai law bi cooperate with Mr. Adam', the Ainorio:ui Minister

in Loudos, in the coiasiderntion or thyuious queetio,aC now arising, or Itleely to

arlee, oil those blunts between the two countries. The object is to e,ical)lc such

qsOSttefls in ill 10051310 00005 to be settled promptly here, Instead of their

belolg jaisie 210 c.nIcjCol of tocliso, corrcspejndcnee.
THE ALEXANDRA.

TmcorTGII the courtesy of Mr. William Woods of Queen's

rose!, Liverpool, we are enabled to give an illustration of

the Alexandra, recently seized at Liverpool by order of the Government on suspicion that he was intended for the use of the confederates, The Alexandra was built by Masers, Miller and Co., of Liverpool, for Messrs. Fa'woott, Prescott, and Co., of the same town, both Inns being of long standing and great respectability. She was built, launched, and fttted, out in dock, when, on the 6th ult., a custom-houeo officer went on board, and gave e notice to the folio-wing shea's -"I have herewith to inform you that, pursuant to the directions of the Collector of Customs, the vessel Alexandra, built by you, line been seined, and will be detained until further instructions shall be received as to the course to be our

sued with reaped to her," The diexo.ndra isa three-oastad schooner, with engines of 300-horse power and Is adapted for a passenger-yeseel, a mail-boat, or a yacht. The firm to which she belongs state that, having heard many inqufrie for a vessel of that description, they built her on speculation.

We learn from the Liverpool papers that attlie close of last week one or two Government officials were busily engaged in completing the evidence to be adduced by the Crown in the prosecution of the ieee against the builders and owners of the alleged gun-boat Alexandra. It is also asserted that the parties eizning the deliositione to the

Government, in which it was stated that the Alexandra

was intended for the Confederates, have received notices from the law officers of the Grown intimating that they will be required in London at an early period, According to the Shipping Gazette, the case of the Alexandra will be tried in the Court of Exchequer in the course of a few days. . The following is the cause of seizure stated in the ? aisoment filed in the Court of Exchequer:-" No. 1.

aptre, 1563. Seined by officer Edward Morgan. Cause of seizure: For being equipped, furnished, and fitted out with intent to be employed in the service of persons exercising, or assuming to exercise, the powers of self-government in and over a foreign State, colony, province, or people, the ship or vessel Alexandra, of Liverpool with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, as she now asSigned, Samuel Price Edwards John lung, C. W. Kellook H. B. Wateon." The Alexandra is appraised at £9500.
ILLUSTRATION OF P115 ATTACK ON CHARLESTON.

Tan unsuccessful attempt on Ctarleeion by the Federal iron-clad

fleet has so recently been detailed in this Journal that it will not be necesesry to give more than a few partioulace of the fleet's advance, in relation to which we have an Engraving on the preceding page. "The attack," says the correspondent of the iVi'tc York Hove/d, "would have commenced an hour or two earlier then it did had it not been that the Admiral was advised to wait far the ebb tedo, rather than earl up with the deed tide, no the former would be more apt to discover the locality of the obstructions in the channel; and the tide turned at eleven o'clock. Doting thoee hours of suspense the eye had an opportunity at taking the features of the scene on which the great act was to be played. The blue waters danced in the bright sunshine, and flocks of sea-birds dipped their white wings in the waves and uttered their ehritl cries as they ewoepod downward after their prey. Over the parapoto of Ferte Sumlar end Moultrie the cebeldefendere were watching our movements cod eigoalieing them; end even on the roofs end steeples of the distant city we could 000 hundreds of spectators. Distinctly in view were the numerous batteries extending from the Wappcc Creek c ii the Aahley River, following the contour of limes Island down to the Lighthouse Battery, on the south point of Mends Island. On the other aide they were more numerous still. Breach Inlet Battery, on the lower end of Sullivsn'e Island, Fart Beauregard, and an up to Fort Mooltrie; while in the centre of the picture, rising so it were from the water, steed Fort Sumter, displaying the rebel flog an one angle and the pahnstto flag on the opposite angle; end beyond, Fort Ripley and Oselle 1¡snckeey, the city ailing up the background. Meanwhile the attaching vessels lay at anchor in the main ship channel, within a nub of the batteries on Moms Island, without provoking a hostile shot. They lay in the airier named in the plea of attack, as follows -The Weehawkea. yceeste, Moetauk, Patapeco, New Iransides, Katekill, Nantucket, Nelcant0 and ltaokuk. Frye ships

 a were in reserve. At half-past twelve the fleet commenced to move. me The diatanco to the positions at which they were directed to attack h was nearly font miles, and for almost all that distance they were it within range of the enemy's batteries. But again there was a delay. re Grappling-irons attached to the Weebawicon had got foul of her ty snahor- cable, and it teak nearly en hour in eel enattom right. Ablest c. the difficulty wan got over, and once more the vessels were underway. s Slowly they may. up the ship channel. They paused within easy range of Fact Wagner on Mocois Island, but not a shot disputed their program; they passed the battery at Gumming's Point, named, I o believe, Battecy Boo, but still not a discharge from a rebel gun. And

¥ it wee net till the vessels had got fairly b-tweon the two upper points of Mends Inland and Sullivan's Island, which are about a male apart, and were rounding to make the entrance of the harbour, that the ominous stillness wanbraken. Fart Ssmtcr opened the boil with her

barbotle 5uns; Foci tfsuitrie took up the loud refrain. The various

batteries joined in the deafening chorus, and the iounolado found themselves within a circle of fire, concentrated from all the rebel geuso that could be brought in bear upon the paint." Our Eogrevmig shows the iron-clad frigate New Iccoetdee and two of the ltirscsuou batteries replying to the enemy with the thunder of their huge batteries.

The C/,e,-fcelm, A[e:very earns up the casualties and damage sus

tained by the forte in Charleston Harbour in the recent battle of ironclods against stone walls so follows:-  -

The enemy feed sbeat eighty ehota-ooostly 15-isoh sad eteel-poletrsl

sheila-sc Fort Scoter. 71:15 retinal, was reed, from asllivan'e Island. Forty only etcoet the week. Ono ID-Inch gao woo toespa:erily disabled by s shot; roe ,otoo:blosi, of old pattern, burst; one 7-Inch sided gee: thesoanlod by recoil; sad are con was diooblel for s to,, moments by fracture of the elevating screw tbeeogh recoil. Not s pence woo killed is Poet Osmeer from any Car- forecsoc yatdhcoor and Privates Clsepli,s, clocusin, and Poo,,, eeoesoey B, were Inbred by a she- of bricks throws foam a traverse an the rampart by a large shot of the enemy. A drummer-bey, Steen,, was tweak on the head by cho eaplesios of a shall ever the parade. A negro labourer was sloe weasded. The regimental eooiass wee plesvel near the metro hr a ball. The Confederate aog was 51:0 1-forded. There was tcst roe raoeoity, at Fort ibo,dtri,. at shot from one of the Ifesitoss out sway the cagslofl a few fret above the psespre, and Cite

staff fall ape', Ps-Irate Loehy, Coml'scy F, tnt s-C. (ergetsi) Infantry,

inflicting injuries from the effects of which he sass tied. The almost range

into which tbo enemy ventured woo ca/mated b the office's or the Pon at

=a The flagetaif has limi replaccE, ard, ai no other poition of `f!rt`11.1z1ff111 say doasss aobsrcrrc during the engegeo:osc, the peat ii Ia

excellent confides to join In another told 00 ntrrsgsh with the terra"! armada. Battery Bee, an sollbeso's entoud, rena CIsc rropirst of occasioned

shots from the roomy; but win not is any ray injured, one were them soy ns,ualtlro smsagot the moo. The uoeesrcgood Battery, with tin-cc of Ito gee,, stan took post ins general molts or heavy artillery, and twice, received a broadside from the enemy. The battery was in so respect damaged, although many of the teskeesaoest shot felt open the sued in the Immefinla nnlghhaocheud.
AMERICA.

By the Arrival of the ste or Edinburgh we are in possession of New 'York journals to the find inst.

Role 0e5W8,

General Hooker has at length commenced a movement upon the Confederate capital. On Monday the 27th out., a portion of the late army of the Potomac crossed the RappeRowoeckat Rally's Ford, above Fxeeterickelmrg, and captured the Confederate pickets. Hooker sent out ekinniebere, but found no enemy. Since that time the remainder of the army has crossed at three other fords, above and below Frefericieeburg, The Confederates ofbrod no eoriono reeietouoo to the passage at any point. The bederalo report the capture of Ire= 300 to 100 pnieenore, The Federal casualties 8.o not erased fifty in number.  -

On the 30th three coups of Hooker's army were twelve miles in the rear 01 Fredenielsoburg, Three other corps, which had crowed above the town, were in Communication with the former, Another corps was threatening to areas below end assail the dank of the (ionfederates, General Stcneman'e cavalry were on their way to destroy this lines of railway communication with itiohmouuut, so as to prevent General Lee from receiving reinforcements. On this position a great battle or a great catastrophe was imminent. General Hooker his ordered that all newspaper oorro.spoedonte with his army shalt alga their rerem,onicetiene.

The Confederates have appeared in Western Virginia, and cap. lured Morganto-,vn, on the Pennsylvania State hue of railway. They

- have rep sod Colonel Mulligan, at Feirniocunt, and destroyed, the

Baltimore and Ohio railway bridges at Feirniovmt and. Obeat River.

It is reported that the Federal Monitor fleet is again inside

Oheorleeton Bar, prepared for another attack on that pious. The i Confederate Secretary for War has visited Charleston and expressed hidiselt satisfied with the dispositions made by General Beauregard.

General Banks reports a series of ou0000005 in Louisiana. On the

River Torus he had had three engagements with the enemy and repulsed them, capturing 1100 prisoners. He brood the Confederates to destroy oil their transports, and gained possession of me" hundred head of cattle and much mtecchhemesue stereo esnulprovieions. Finally, be has oeweU the Opeleieeoo Railroad and communicated with Maaival Ferragut above Port Hudson. In them operations he loot about 700 Mon.

In eenth-w-eotern Missouri the Confederates have been aoSive and

gathered some booby, but have lest a whole regiment, with horses and camp equipage, which was surprised by the Federals.

The New 'York press generally considers that the action of hr.

Adams in giving a oertiScsfe to a vessel bound for Metamersa with

arose for Mexico does not jnetify the severs comments of the British

press thereupon, seed thinks they prove the existence of a strong anti

Anceruron feelingeu Rsginxeclreufy to resent eventhe shadow of affront.

Sonic journals jouotify Mv, Adouie'e conduct.

131 aider of the Prize Court, the Cargo of the Pctcrheff is being
landed and anamined, to aerert&n 11 there is contraband of way on beard.

Severe1 Federal regimente whose time of enlistment had expired bad arricd at Washington and New York to be mustered out. The Federal forces will bee thirty-seven regiments in this way during the present and next months.

The 10th of April was kept as a day of fast and humiliation by

the people of the United Slates.
