REVIEW OF FEDERAL ARMIES AT WASHINGTON.

A GRAND review of the Federal armies under the command of General Grant and General Sherman took place at Washington, before President Johnson. on the 23rd and 24th nit., the army of the Potomae, uwmbermg 75,000 men, being reviewed on the first day, and General Sherman's army, nearly 85,000, on the second. We are indebted to Messrs. Brady and Co., of Washington, for our Illustration of the first day's martial display, in Pennsylvania Avenue, near the White House, with the pavilion, or grand stand, where the President and his Cabinet Ministers, accompanied by some members of the Senate, the Judges, the chief Government officials, and other persons had taken their seats to behold the hoops marching past. They had a very imposing appearance, all arms of the service being represented in full force. The occasional introduction of a body of Zouave served to relieve the sameness. The dark and light blue uniforms gave fine effect to the spectacle, looking up the broad avenue. There was a continuous moving line, as far a the eye could reach, of national., State, division, brigade, regiment, and other flags. Some of them were new, their stars of gold leaf glittering in the sun, and contrasted strongly with the flags tattered in battle or worn to mere shreds. The troops were well clad, and their fine marching elicited praise from every spectator. As the different corps and divisions passed before the President and General. Grant, their respective commanders left the column and took seats on the platform. The troops occupied six hours in review, from nine o'clock in the morning until three in the afternoon.
AMERICA.

The Federals are occupying all the military positions in Texas. The artillery at Brownsville had been sold by the Confederates to the Mexican Imperialists. Iirby Smith is said to have gone to Mexico with a large sam of money.

Messrs. Horace Greeley, Wendell Phillips, Gerritt Smith, and others are arguing strenuously against the hanging of Mr. Jefferson Davis. They declare that it would be a gross breach of faith to try General Lee or other pardoned men. In the course of a speech delivered on negro sulnge at the Cooper Institute, New York, Mr. Wendell Phillips observed:-" It is idle to talk of punishing the South., 'You cannot,' said Burke, 'indict a nations I cannot oraw an indictment against a whole people' said the great British orator. It would he in vain, also, to indict as guilty of murder fourteen States, or to convict them of treason. Every unnecessary severity is cruel; and if this nation is as strong as it seems to be, it does not need vengeance (Applause) . . . . I shall never consent to the death

of Jefferson Davis until I fear his life. He is weaker alive, a ridi-culous fugitive, than deed and buried in the sympathies of millions. Let him live, then. I once said of John Brown, Virginia dared not let him live.' No man, with my consent, shall have it to say of this strong, serenely secure nation, It dared not let Davis live.' We are too strong to need vengeance.

A great fire has taken place at Nashville, by which Government stores to a large amount have been destroyed.

Georgia is said to be in a starving condition, the negroes refusing to work.

Mr. John Nicolay, formerly private secretary to Mr. Lincoln, Us

appointed Consul. General of the United Slates in Paris; and Mr.

Ray, Secretary of Legation, was to leave New York, for France,

to-day (June 24), by the City of Baltimore,
And so Spiritualism is, in the person of Dr. J. B. Ferguson, about to bid us farewell. At the Spiritual Lyceum, a place in 1ewman-street, formerly a dancing-saloon, but now opened for a free trade in Divinity, with a fresh supply of unlicensed Spirits, the friends of the Doctor did present him with a testimonial and a "purse of gold." That last is a term of indefinite value which sets one thinking. The occasion of this presentation was that the Doctor is going "from our midst" and his mission is "to heal the wounded souls of the Southmen and kcrthmen, to plead for justice and peace." Alas! the bodies of many of them may want healing too; but even of these souls let us hope that Ferguson may take heed. He was a great institution at the Davenport seances, and always a subject of mild wonder to the present writer, who, having slapped and pinched him in a dark sdance, has heard the good Doctor thereafter expatiate on his being touched by "spirit hands." And this gentleman is, it seems, the spiritual, ghostly, or religious adviser of President Johnson. "He was for years an occasions], and often a regular, attendant upon me as one of my parishioners. Him I know, and, knowing, have followed his extraordinary history, and have freely communed with him upon all the great questions the revolution has forced upon our people." - They did say that Lincoln was a Spiritualist: here we have direct testimony that Johnson is the intimate and disciple of the ablest and boldest spiritualist. What next, and next?

But Dr. J. B. Ferguson is more. Does anybody remember-does

not everybody remember-Mr. Mark Tapley's Eden and the wonderful

Scadder, the land-agent? He was a Utopian, he was, and Dr. lkrguson

has ideas that way, too. "I trust to be able to show the British

a'talist b

pI OMesne"t investments may be made on American

wil V) As if Britisfah. capitalist did not know that! Shade of

Sydney Smith, haunt this doctor! Permanent investments t-.perinasent is a good word. "Without indulging in any Utopian specula. ions on the most practical basis, I hope to found a colony in one of lie fairest and most fertile regions of that country." Labourers, stisans, and teachers will be needed there, -and opportunities for noral, social, and religious reforms, equal if not superior (4-(c) to any ffered in the palmiest days of colonisation." I must new appeal to he spirit of a different Smith-not Sidney, but Joseph. Are we to have new religion inthat fair region? At present, in America, the spiritual

cediums do not prosper, one having been arrested by the revenue othcers or not taking out a license as a juggler. The Davenports have made n alliance with r. Guppy the author of the celebrated work "Mary ane," who accounts for all these rapping drawings and prophetic rhisperings by a theory of "chemical fluids and phosphoric essence." luppy has fitted up a chateau near Paris, and is going to convert the evans of Europe. Well, did not MM. Mesmer and Cagliostro once ry to do the same? After this business, ladies and gentlemen ijourned, we are told, to the Lyceum Hall up stairs, where another Leeting was held of a 11 snug and social character."
The Queen has approved of Mr. W. H. F. Gurley as Consul at

uebeo for the United States of America.

A Canada paper states that there are twice as many Jews in

cew York as there are in all Palesilne. -
THE ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH CABLE.

ocs more we are upon the threshold of an attempt to link wgether by means of the telegraphic cable the Eastern and

Western hemispheres. tat it may issue in permanent success will be the universal wish oh both sides of the ALlantic. The experiment made seven years ago has demonstrated the feasibility of the undertaking, for it will be hard indeed if the ground which science won science cannot find means to retain. The compliments exchanged between our gracious Sovereign and the President of the United States, albeit so soon followed by an irremovable obstruction in the line by which they were conveyed, were regarded then as the first fruits of an enterprise destined to unite in closest amity the two great branches of the Anglo-Saxon race. Thatpromisewas premature. One cannot say that it was without significance-for, like the dove sent forth from the ark which returned to Noah with am olive leaf, so the first message transmitted from
the Old to the New World by means of an electric wire was a prophecy that in due time the ocean should practically cease to separate Europe from America. Belie'vingin that "sure word," scientific men have studied with praiseworthy assiduity and perseverance all the

conditions of complete succese, and, with one exception only, are

ConMent of a favour

" result, That ex-ception relates to the

weather during the period of laying the

cable. Nautical ex-perience has selected

what is supposed to be the most auspicious fortnight in the year, and they whose knowledge is best grounded and most reliable "Rum us that the probabilities of aceirnpl&jjn,, the muchdesired object reach very near to moral
certainty. We shall assume, then, that the Great Eastern,

in the capacious hold of which the precious coil has been

stowed away in tanks; will, on thin occasion, belie her repu

tation for singular ill-fortune, and will safely "pay out" the cable's length from Valencia to Newfoundland. We shall take for granted that within the present month regular ta1

graptde communication will be e&abushed between the two hemispheres, and that shortly afterwards the London journals will commence a daily summary of the New York news of the day before. We know well

- and if we did not there are many ready to tell us-that There's many a alip

'Twixt the cup aud the lip;

but we mean to disregard it, and to brave the reproach which matter-cf-fact people may deem due to an unauthorised attempt to interpret the future. We 'wish to indulge in dreams which we are strongly encouraged to believe will, not long hence, be converted into realities; to reason upon a basis which, as everybody must be aware, is as yet hypothetical; to give rein to our thoughts from a starting-point which possibly may never exist. In this matter, however, as in others we merely act upon the highest attainable
evidence; for, unlesswhich there is not the shadow of a reason for suspecting-we have been greatly misled by the most competent judges, there are more solid grounds for concluding that the cable will be safely laid than that it will not.

What a prospect opens to this generation through that presupposed event What a cloudland, gorgeous and nnsultantial, it appears in the distance, yet how real, material, palpable, will it prove when we are encircled by. and grow familiar with, its marvellous l)heflO. mena! For instantaneous communication between America and Burope means, of mum, in its ultimate development, instarit4Z1LOU. L1UIiUILUiICSton all thev,urid over. And so we ,hall have
daily before our eyes a bird's-eye view of human affairs over the entire surface of the globe, and shall be able to study all nations, as clay by day they are making contemporaneous pages of history. They who feel an interest in it may pursue this thought into the yet distant ages of the future. All peoples of all, climes, of. all stages and varieties of civilisation, of. all forms of, social economy, political govern. znent, and religious culture, virtually in presence of each other, and observant of each' other's mutual bearing-why, what can arise cut of this but a rapid assimilation of central ideas, and a modification of the lower by' the higher types of national organisation? We witness at present but the initiatory stage of the process, and yet the changes it has introduced are 'wonderful-wonderful even beyond thepossibility of conception by our forefathers. But we should fail in our best attempts to realise the vast moral results which must inevitably grow out of. intimate contact between mind and mind in every region of the earth. We are unable to imagine the different ways in which a simultaneous knowledge of the same current facts will operate ineievatthg the general condition, and moulding the more prominent features, of humanity; but we are warranted, in the belief that its tendency will be beneficent, its influence ameliorative, its formative virtue progressively more energetic, and its effects in unison with the hopes of those who rejoice to believe in "a good time corning." What was the origin of our race is a problem which sinks into comparative insignificance beside the infinitely more interesting question as to whither it is tending. The discoveries and applications of science, happily, point in a direction consonant with the in. stinctive yearnings of our hearts; and every new invention of world-wide importance gives us fresh reason for adopting as the motto of the entire human family the word

 E*oelsior !"

Leaving, however, this widest sphere of speculation, let us restrict our thoughts to the more immediate benefits to England and America likely to follow upon the establishment of telegraphic communication between them. No one doubts for a moment that it will powerfully conduce to international amity, and 'will be the best possible guarantee for the maintenance of peace. Wax between civilised nations, and still more between nations allied in blood, in language, and, in religion, is seldom the first thought or desire of either when misunderstandings arise. Events hardly ever occur which have power,

like a flash of lightning, to set the passions of the public sud-denly ablaze. The greenwood of materialintercsts underlies the. more inflammable elements of our-nature, and the fire beneath it needs to be fanned and fed. by the rubbish of evil surmises, and misrepresentations, and exaggerations, for a considerable while before national wrath gets kindled. Where the interval between a fancied offence and the true explanation of it is narrowed to a single day, there is not much room left for the play of unworthy suspicions. The spark is trampled out before it takes hold upon what is most combustible in the popular temper-for ignorance and misapprehension of each other's motives is the most frequent cause of qarrel between nations as between individuals.

Peace, however, is but a negative quality, although an invaluable one. There is a more positive result of instantaneous intercommunication to be considered. Those who have carried on large commercial transactions with a distant country are, perhaps, the only persons competent to estimate the uncertainty, the hazard, oftentimes the loss, arising from doing trade upon data liable to change between the time when the state of the market is known and a purchase is ordered or a consignment is made, and the time when the goods arrive at their destination. The interval of a fortnight or even less is occasionally sufficient to change the whole aspect of the undertakingand the knowledge which is gained by a subsequent mail might, if possessed a few days earlier, have saved. many a merchant not merely from torturing anxieties
many a merchant not merely from torturing anxieties but from sudden bankruptcy. The telegraphic cable, it is true, will not entirely obviate this disadvantage, but it will at any rate diminish it by one half. Values will still fluctuate during the period required for the transit of merchandise, but need not be subject to changes, as now, during the interval which must elapse between the giving and receiving

f orders. This is but one illustration of the commercial benefit to be anticipated from the success of the experiment in hand-perhaps the simplest and most intelligible one. Hundreds of a like bearing might be named. The general

cct, however, will undoubtedly be a large increase of trade intercourse between the two countries, conducted, moreover, at much less risk, and with much less of that wear and tear of the spirits which suspense so inevitably entails.

Out of increased commerce springs increased amity. People whose mutual interests demand frequent exercise towards one another of consideration, forbearance, confidence, and. a regard to honour, get to respect one another, to appreciate one another's excellences, and to esteem one another's character. Let these friendships be multiplied-as they will be by the tele. graphic cable-and the ties which will bind the two nations together will be multiplied in the same proportion. Through the medium of those ties and of others, the prevailing sentiment of the two peoples will be every year assimilated, and, by the influence of each upon the other, in accordance with an infallible moral law, will be raised, refined, and

ublimatcd. In this way the telegraph will become a discip-linarian, whose training, because unsuspected, will be the more felt. The novel appliance, as between England and America. will come into play just in time. The civil war is closed: the deem of slavery is sealed. There remains nothing which need divide the one country from the other in feeling. The interests of Loth are the same : the heart of both may be one. My Heaven grant a prcpitious season fr that part of the cp2ri

jnt. Lich is still uncertain, and inuy the consciuduecs of
AMERICA.

General Lee and Mr. Stephens have, it is stated, applied to the

President for special pardons. The health of Mr. Stephens is in a critical state. It is announced that more than 300 applications have been made for pardon from those who are in the exempted clam of the amnesty proclamation.

The Confederate Governor of Louisiana has been arrested at Mobile.

President Johnson has issued a proclamation appointing Jndge Starkey Provisional Governor for the reorganisation of the MissisppL This proclamation is entirely similar in its instructions and pro ioes to that issued appointing Mr. Ilolden Governor of North OaroJjn, Another proclamation has been issued removing all internal, coast. wise, domestic, and foreign trade restrictions in the country east of the Mississippi after July 1. It ale. proclaims that, armed rebellion having ceased in Tennessee, all disabilities and dlisquallcations, except penalties for treason attached to an insurrectionary State and its inhabitants, have been removed.

Missouri has adopted a new State Constitution.

General Halleck has written a letter to Mr. Stanton justifying his action towards General Sherman and throwing the responsibility for his course upon Grant.

Evidence has been brought forward at the conspiracy trials proing that Benjamin Wood received a draught of 25,000 dole. from Jacob Thompson. It is reported that Wood has been arrested.

Mr. John Mitchell; one of the editors of the .2'Thw York- Dully yews,

and recently of one of the Richmond papers, was arrested on the 14thtilt. sent to Fortress Monroe.

 deneri IM-by Smith issued his farewell address to his troops on May 30. Re declared that he at first refused to surrender noon the terms accepted by Lee, and would have continued the struggle until honourable terms were secured for soldiers and civilians alike; but, upon reaching Texas, he found that the forces he had relied upon had abandoned their cause, and that lie was a commander without an army end a general without troops,

According to the Times correspondent, expulsion and beating of negroes for attempting to ride in the street cars are of daily occurrence in Philildoiphia and New York. On Saturday, the 10th nit., a party of nearly 200 soldiers attacked a settlement of negroes in Washington, drove them from their houses, beat them destroyed their furniture, and appropriated whatever o value could be found. The negroes subse ently rallied, when a fight enarted, in which firearms were used

T, th , d e e pe e he as y

an 8 ons in * T riot w ~a 0 1 rts that ill - "r ash i

_I h

P'ho 8 es ~- es 'ur dts t at are

on 'd v ral  r~

ei" mi""r 7 01 ' The p

q  db y

te R a a the

p ' hile j R 6 id

k e i ; w

'I p t.-t'

t t

the ea i .1a ..k b P" th Most trl

~nteuh_ d e n d th ~e h c e dinen h bes

so I. Mh e tL la, U

tl "o t of the ill.t ~atm ' t an for on b , k

on a. ii, le e d mt dat f b" the whites. A letter from Philadelphia says:-"The feeling between the soldiers and negroes in all parts of the country is intense. Very little provocation will be necessary to cause a riot anywhere. The Irish are the particular enemies of the blacks, and fire flies whenever they come together."

A delegation from the negroes in Kentucky have applied to the Bureau of Freedmen in Washington for advice and assistance in obtaining work and the means of support. They represent that the whites in their State refuse to employ them in any capacity whatever. They have also waited upon President Johnson and petitioned that martial law in Kentucky might be continued; and General P511555 granted powers sufficient for their protection. Both requests are asserted to have been conceded.

Four companies of coloured troops, after having embarked aboard transports at Fort Monroe for Texas, objected to proceed on their voyage. One ccnlpiuly threatened to fire on their officers. All were then loaded, disarmed, and re-embarked. Orders have been sent to City Point to issue no more arms to coloured troops.

The government storehouses at Chattanooga, containing a quarter of a million of property, have been destroyed by an explosion.

A treaty has been concluded with the Government of HonduraS, providing for the neutrality of the contemplated interoceanic 14 way across the territory of the latter State, and its freedom to the Government and people of the United States; the Federal GOT=* ment in consideration, agrees to protect thisenterprise from interrUPtion or seizure by any Power.

The ram Missouri, stated to be the last of the Confederate fleet in the Western rivers, was surrendered, with her officers and Crew, to the Federal commander, W. E. Fitzhugh, at Alexandria, on the Red River, Louisiana, on the Sid tilt.
THE FLIGHT OF MR. JEFFERSON DAVIS INTO GBORGIA. Orn Special Artist and Correspondent who was lately employed in the service of this Journal at the head. quarters' camp of the Canfederate Amy in Virginia has furnished us with an lllutr.tion or almost the final scene in the history of the Southern aeces'ion. After the surrender of General Lee's army and the abandonment of Petersburg and Richmond, in the first week of April, our Artist went. to join the army of General Joseph Johnston, and saw the lt shot. of the war fired; he then attended the journey of the fallen ?re

sident, Mr. Jefferson Davis, a distance of 700 mile, to the neighbour-hood of Macon, in Gooria, and did not leave the party nntit it wa.

disbanded, by Mr. Davis a request, two days before his cap: nrc. The sketch from which our present Engraving is made was taken by our Artist five days before the capture of Mr. Davis, when passing over the Georgia Ridge, a range of wooded hills forming the boundary line of the State of South Carolina. Mr. Davis is the central figure uf the three horsemen riding in front; General Bragg is on ith rig1t. hand, and Mr. Benjamin his Secretary of State, on the left; buhnI Mr. Davis, and on his right hand, is General Brockenridge; next whom is Mr. Regan, the Postmaster-General; the rest of the party are the staff of Mr. Davis and the Kentucky soldiers of his escort. Two or three loiterers by the roadside, in the right-hand corner of oar Engraving, seem to be watching the passage of the fugitives wih sentiments of deep compassion and regret.

Our Spccial Artist has returned to this country, bringin with

him a series of sketches illustrative of the latest sc.nes ia the

history of the Confederate Government. These we shall engrave for early publication.
TEE, ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH.

,M.n the preparations connected with the departure of this great expedition

are complete. Every facility has been given by the Government to ensure,

as far as possible, its success, the resources of the dockyard at Sheerness

having been placed at the disposal of the promoters of the undertaking by

the Admiralty.

On Thursday week the directors gave an entertainment on board the Great

Eastern, in the hold of which the telegraph cable lion coiled. The Louis of the Admiralty and her Majesty's Ministers were the guests of the day; but the company included also many members of the aristocracy. The novelty of the day was the transmission of short messages through the entire length of the cable. The first of these, "Success to the expedition," was spelt out in something under three minutes, after passing through the 2228 nautical miles of cable, stored in the big ship. Mr. J. Pander, M.P., the chairman of the company presided, in the grand saloon; and, after giving the toasts of "The Queen" and "The President of the United States," proposed the "Health of her Majesty's Ministers." The Duke of Somerset, after returning thanks, proposed" Success to the undertaking;" and the chairman then gave' The American Minister, Mr. Adams, congratulating ail present on the friendly relations existing between this country and the United States, and alluding with feeling to the good friendship, delicacy, judgment, and tact Mr. Adams had inverhiily displayed in every circumstance connected with this country in 'which his diplomatic talents had been called into play. After a suitable response, the party broke up, and the remainder of the afternoon was devoted to the inspection of the ship, and to the examination of charts and maps giving the soundings of her approaching voyage, sanguine predictions of the ecn'plc'te success of the enterprise being uttered on all sides.

 The Great Eastern left her moorings at Saltpan Reach, near Chatham,

on Saturday last, for the Nore. Steam was got up on board at an 'early hour on Saturday morning' and, notwithstanding that the machinery of the Great Eastern has not been brought into use for considerably more then twelve months, the engines worked with remarkable speed and regularity, while they were stopped and started within a very few seconds alter the word was passed. At half-past twelve the order was given for starting the Great Eastern and she immediately. began moving down the Channel towards Garrison Point and the Nore Light. The spot selected for her was about five miles below the Nore Light, where there is a depth of at least seven fathoms at low tides. By direction of the Government, the Porcupine, surveyingsteamer, had been previously engaged in making a survey of the channel from the Medway to the Hors, and marking cut the route by buoys and beats, so as to prevent the possibility of any untoward occurrence. On the Great Eastern assuij the various vessels of war in harbour, the crews crowded the rigging and uted the steamer with loud cheers. On board the Formidable, 84, flagship of Vice Admiral Sir C. Talbot, Commander-in-Chief, the marines presented arms; while on board the (Cumberland, 70, the band, as the Great Eastern steamed past, played alternately "Rule Britannia" and "Hail, Columbia." The paddle-wheels made about six revolutions per minute, and the screw rather more, and this speed was maintained until the harbour was cleared. On rounding Garrison Point a large concourse of spectators vociferously cheered as the Great Eastern passed, Accompanying the steamer were the Vivid, Locust, and Sheerness, Admiralty steamers, with three private steamers, the Porcupine standing about half a mile in advance to show the way to betaken. 4t a few minutes after two the anchorage-ground below the Here and, the Mouse Lights was reached, and the Great Eastern brought up, the whole of the operations connected with her removal from her old to her now anchorage having been effected without the least accident. Here she remains at anchor for a few days for the adjustment of her compasses, and to receive on board the remainder of her coals and stores.

 The Great Eastern has in her about 7000 tons of cable, or, including the iron tanks which contain it and the water in which it is sunk, about 9000 tons in all. In addition to this she has 7000 tons of coal on board, and 1000 tons more to take in. Her total weight, including engines, will then be rather over 21,000 tons, a stupendous mass for any ship to carry, bat well 'within the capacity of the Great Eastern, of which the tonnage is 24,000.

Before the following spring tides set in, which will be towards the end of

next week, the Great Eastern will start for Valencia. She will be met

there by the two ships of war, the Terrible and the Sphinx, appointed

to convoy her. Both these vessels are being fitted with the best apparatus

for deep-sea soundings; with buoys and means for buoying the end of the

table, if it should become necessary; and with Bolien's night-light naval

signals. with which the Great Eastern is likewise to be supplied. To avoid

all chance of accident the big ship will not approach the Irish coast nearer than twenty or twenty-five miles, and her stay off Valencia will be limited to the time occupied in making a splice with the massive shore end, which, for a length of twenty-five miles from the coast, will be laid previous to her arrival. This monstrous shore end, which is the heaviest and strongest piece of cable ever made, will be laid from the head of a sheltered inlet near Csbirciyeen out to the distance we have stated, where the end will be buoyed and watched by the ships of war till the Great Eastern herself comes up. Some idea of the strength and solidity of this great end may be guessed by the fact that its weight per mile is very little short of half the 'weight of an ordinary railway metal. For the shore end of Newfoundland only three miles are required, and this short length will be sent in the Great Eastern. When once the splice is made from the great cable-ship to the English shore end-an operation which will oonsume about five hours-the work of laying the cable will begin. By that time every mile of the cable in the three tanks will have been joined up, and at a stated hour, morning and evening, a series of signals will be sent through the cable to the land at Valencia, and thence to London, giving the latitude and longitude of the great ship, the state of the weather, and the number of miles paid out. The cable will be first taken out from the forward tank, next from that midships, and lastly from that astern; and, if all goes well, the vessel should arrive with nearly 000 miles of cable in her still Sensedan excess which is most wisely allowed, in case of accident. Since the paying-cut apparatus has been in work its action has been faultless.

Messrs. Canning, Clifford, and Temple have absolute charge of all the details Connected with the submergence. Mr. De Sairty is in charge of the electrical Conditicir of the cable for the makers; Mr. Varley goes to represent the Atlantic Company; and Professor Thomson as scientific adviser and rdThese gentlemen, however, are only the chiefs of the various large depart, niental staff which will be on board.

If all go well, both as to course and rate of steaming, telegraphic oommunl'Cation'with the United States may be looked for about the 20th inst.
£f of Abreha,n Linco'n. Compiled b C-. W. Bacon, (Sampson

Low LSun, and Marston.) A very brief but succinct biography of the late .l'resident of the United States of America. It is probable that in days to come the grand simplicity, unflinching determination, unalterable magnanimity, and universal kindliness which distinguished Abraham Lincoln will, even more than the recollection of his tragic death, render his name scarcely less dear to Americans and less honoured amongst all nations than that of George Washington; and it is well that all men should have within easy reach the means of making themselves acquainted with the principal events of "Honest Abe's" life and administration, from the days preceding his "railsplitting" to the fatal evening when he went against his inclination, to Ford's Theatre," lest," in his own kindly words," the people should be disappointed." Mr. Bacon's book will fulfil this purpose; it is not on a large scale. "but 'twill serve," and it bulk is increased by a collection of all mnner of lamentations upon Mr. Lincoln's assassination from all manner of newspapers, and by a copy of the Constitution of the United States, ignorance of the provisions of which was freely exhibited in the angry discussions consequent upon the division of opinion in this country during the late War of Secession
-  iP.S. SQO1ThY.

The death of this well-known American authoress occurred at her residence

-in Hartford, Connecticut, on the 10th nit. Mrs. Sigourney (by her maiden Mums Lydia Huntley) had attained the age of nearly seventy-four years, baring been born on $ept. 1, 1791. In 1819, she was married to Mr. fligotirney, a hardware dealer in Hartford, and a man of much culture and literary taste, and she had by him two children, Mary, the oldest, now the wife of the Rev. Francis T. Russell of Geneva, New York, and Andrew, wh,se death a few years ago was the subject of one of her works, entitled The Paded'Hope." Her first volume, entitled "Moral Power, in Prose and

Verse," appeared in 1815, and since that time she has been one of the most

IUtiIflC American authors. Together, her publications number nearly fifty

To1Umes many of which attained a very large circulation. A prominent ¥ feature in the chazacter. of . Sigourney was her great benevolence. he Is

eaidto have made it a point to give at least one tenth of her income to Charitable objects.
