UNITED STATES.

President Johnson has ordered the liberation of all prisoners of war, E idn Oen n e he ath All~h,,,,

ir akin  0' alleg~auce'

ephen~ d P st_ rig tbos eceutly

08 ex IC 2~3 a i nio~ Corse 7_,

t 0 i ass U O~

re e_ e

par I . h ao r rt !' Ge-_~, E- B

0 t

,e ' 1 d

e g 0 ne

on

j~t7 Regan , h r as'd fro t at I -th

.old, , , E d. oh son.

k, and

nflit, . . t

I ~e, h 'tim's and returned Confederate Idle"S

continue throughout Tennessee. Guerrillas still infest Central Tennessee. Governor Browniow has requested General Thomas to send troops into the counties of Tennessee to preserve order during the elections,

The majority of the Secession candidates have been elected- in

Virginia.

The Secretary for War has declared null and void all orders ci mili

tary commanders in the south imposing restraints and punishments ori

coloured freedmen to which whites are not subjected.  -

It is reported that the hostile feeling between the Federal ooldaer and the French troops along the Mexican frontier is on the increase; and it was stated at Cairo that the Mexican Government had ordered accoutrements for $5,000 men to be prepared at letatainoroS, in con-sequence of the concentration of Federal troops about Brownsville.

The New York Zonaves at Charleston have mutinied and been dis

armed. The officers have been sent to gaol and the men to Fort

Sumter. The affair arose out of the late disturbances with the negtoes

.

The launch of the great ram Dunderberg (Thunder Mountain) was

successfully effected, on the 22nd nit., from the shipyardof Mr.

William if, Webb, New York. She is a seagoing iron-clad ram-frigate,

of over 5000 tons register and 5000-horse power. She is to carry four

15-inch Rodman and fourteen 11-inch Dahigren guns. Her length s

380 ft. and her breadth of beam nearly 73 ft. The weight of her armour is 1000 tons. Her contract guarantees fifteen miles per hour as her rate of speed.  -

The Secretary of the Navy has ordered the reduction othe Atlantic

squadron to ten and the Mississippi squadron to five vessels.

A young woman named Harris, who was " courted " by a man namel Burroughs, and who killed the latter when, without informing her of his intention, he married another , has just been acquitted at WM11 ington, after a trial which lasted several days and filled dozens of columns in the papers. The murder was committed in the Treasury building, in the presence of numerous witnesses. The murderess mate no attempt to escape. When the jury announced their verdict "Not guilty," a tremendous roar of applause went up in the crowded chamber-Judge, jury, defending counsel, and eye-witnesses iniifl in a common shout. The woman Harris fainted in the arms 01 one or her counsel, who kissed her enthusiastically, and, after restoring her to consciousness, led her from the court-room. Bouquets showered upon her as she passed alongmen and women rushed forward to grasp her hand or to kiss her.

The Confederate cruiser Shenandoah is still afloat and carrying

her depredations against Federal shipping in the North Pacific. Tie Captain was informed of the termination of the war, but discredited it.

INDIA.  -

The Hon. William Muir has been appointed by the Vieroydtl

tary of theOrder of the Star of India.

The celebrated rock fortress of Gwalior has been formally made Over

by Scindia to the India Government, and is now garrisoned by Bwo

peama troops.

There has been a battle between the forces of the Ameer of Cabut

and those of the Candahar chiefs; but all we are told of the result 8

that the heir apparent of the Ameer of Cabul and the leader of the

Candahaxees had both been killed.  -

Cholera had broken out at Baroda and several other places in India, and also at Aden and in the neighbouring Arab territories.

The aspect of commercial affairs, we are told, was improving, and land and bank shares bad risen considerably.
THE ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH.

W are in the same state of anxious doubt regarding the condition of the Atlantic telegraph cable as we were left on Thursday, week, when, as announced in our last Publication, "No communication with the (great Eastern" was the saddening tidings received from Valencia, rendered the more painful by following close upon the heels of oft repeated telegrams, "All going on well." At the time of our going to press with our early Edition, on Thursday night, the Great Eastern. lied not arrived, as it was thought she might, o Valencia, nor had any communication from or news of her been received.

It seems that a "magnetic atoim" came on about the time the

signals ceased; and the Astronomer Royal, observing its violence,

BO of opinion that it might account for the cessation of electric com

munication. Yesterday week, however, at 1.40 p.m. test was made from the shore end-a process prohibited to the officials there without special instruction, and the result van thus telegraphed:-" Test taken for conductivity. Result shows accident to cable; total loss of. instils, tion or dead earth, 1250 miles from Valencia." The following telegramban subsequently been received from Mr. Glass, managing director of the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company (Limited) :

VLmcu, August 7.-May's tests to-day, make the distance of the fault.,

1175 miles, taldng the temperature of the water at 31. I think the last. distance telegraphed is right.

The logbooks of the Persia and the North American, between whose courses the Great Eastern probably was, show that on the day the fault or breakage took place she could have experienced no storm.

The shareholders in the Atlantic Telegraph Company held a special

,neetin on Wedxesday, when resolutions were passed converting the

shares into stock, and issuing £800,000 of shares, at a preferential

dividend of 8 per cent, for completing the existing cable, and for con

structing a second to be worked along with it.
HART ISLAND, NEAR NEW YORK.

A!o the signs of returning peace most satisfactory to the observer of affairs in America during the last two or three months was the disbandment, or, as it is there 'termed, the "mustering out," of the ous regiments composing the armies of the United States. One of the stations appointed for this purpose was at Hart Island, situated at the head of Long Island Sound, about twenty miles from the city of New York. Since the early days of the war Hart Island had been used ass. general d6p6t for recruits, a purpose for which it was admirably adapted by its healthful situation. Our Correspondent visited the place some weeks ago on the invitation of, Captain Barstow Aide'de-Canip of General iix's Staff,who was the offcer in charge 0! the arrangements for mustering-out troops at this poet and had a fad- steamer at his command. The sketch of 'Hart land 'which we have engraved was taken from David's Island, 'which lies at a short distance from it, and is also a d6p6t for troops.
TBEur goes reason to roasting of eggs," says the very old

proverb, implying that even the simplest affair of life den a.z1

a certain amount of common-sense. What are we to think, then, of men who have before them the mect important and. elaborate problem which can occupy the minds of statesmen, and who apparently begin by withdrawing common-sense from among the aids to the solution? We allude, as will probably be guessed, to those of the American politicians who, having to reconstruct the South, propose to give the suffrage to the unprepared black population. It is difficult to deal gravely with the idea; but, nevertheless, a powerful party erects it into a principle, and threatens loudly in its defence.

In accordance with their. usual gracious custom when. a. European opinion is advanced on a question affecting the Americans, they may begin by apprising us that the business is not ours, and that, inasmuch as they have carried on a war without our interference, they may be supposed equally capable of adjusting the administrative difficulties arising out of that war. Both propositions we must take the great liberty of disputing. The business is ours, in a great if only a secondary degree. With the territorial arrangements of the Americans, so long as our colonies are unassailed, we admit that we h.axe not much concern.. Whether the States consist of one mighty and glorious republic, which holds together the most opposite peoples by force of a sentiment rather than by any natural or very reasonable union, or whether they fall into two or three divisions, in. accordance with what would seem to be the dictate of instinct, are not circumstances materially affecting ourselves. It is to our interest that America should be prosperous and peaceful ; and. whatever arrangements may moat conduce to render her so must be favourably regarded by us. It is with her internal condition that we are concerned; and., looking at the subject from a commercial point of view, and borrowing an illustration from commerce,- we contend that we have a right to be heard. We are doing much business, and we hope to do much more, with the great house of Liberty, Johnson, and. Co. If that house chooses to carry on its business in what we think an inecpedienb fashion, and to bring under one roof a miscellaneous assemblage of "stores " which might be better managed apart, we have no title to complain. But, as we are very much interested in the snocess of the great house, and as we desire to do a good deal with one especial department, we are surely justified in protesting, when we go in to attend to our own affairs with it, if, instead. of meeting with liberal managers an, gentlemanly clerks, we are handed over to a body of Ethiopian aerenaders, who sit on the counters, neglect the packages, and sing black ditties during business hois. This is the sort of thing with which we are now menaced, and we therefore crave leave to say that customers ought to be considered. The fact that the Americans are as capable of adjusting administrative difficulties as of fighting gallant battles is by no means made clear to us by the other fact that a large number of persons i

the States are favourably inclined towards the Black franchise.

Now, we really cannot go into first principles every time

that we have to discuss important details. Sit oh a process is dear to the nature of 'vestrymen and the like, to juvenile debaters in societies, and to that large class of individuals who, in private life, are knoWfl. and avoided. as bores. We have often said, and we beg to refer to our, recorded sentiments, that we detest slavery ; and, though we wish that the American slaves had been. freed gradually and peacefully, instead of by a hideous war, we rejoice that slavery has been done away. But we do not mean to be always saying this. It is with Sainbo the American citizen, and not Sambo the oppressed negro, that we have now to deal; -and we conceive that it is most courteous to that interesting person himself to treat him in his new capacity-, and only to. glance at hia unfortunate antecedents when. his ambition, or that of his absurd friends, forces them UPOn. our
recollection. We heartily congratulate him on his freedom, and, that beisig said, wemt1st use a little freedom of our own.

The Abolitionists, or the least moderate and sensible among them, are displaying the bigotry of men With one idea, and they refuse to listen to the councils of men who have several ideas, and who will not tolerate slavery of the mind. Having fought out the battle, and having stricken away the negro's fetters, these pseudo-friends of his insist that, in spite of the cramping process which he has undergone from childhood, he is a mental athlete, and suddenly capable of all the work for which others have bad to be trained. Sambo, whose highest aim had been the avoidance of more work than he was compelled to do, whose chief happiness had been in fantastic dances and idiotic songs, or, when he took t. religion, in the lowest form of devotional sentimentality, is now to be an elector, to weigh the merits of statesmen, and to tome dancing up to the ballot. box with an, inordinate development of shirt-collar in honour of the nation, and to record his choice between Massa Chase

nd Massa Seward, should those gentlemen be rival candidates. That such an idea should be seriously entertained is almcst incredible, but we wish that it were only funny. Were the election one of a municipal councillor or a beadle, it would be richly Comic to see a jobbing tradesman or a pompous bumble soliciting the support of a black patron and being answered with the ineffable air of superiority which Sainbo can put on; but the choice is to be of men who govern one mighty empire and hold relations with half a dozen.

England has been so truly and zealously "anti-slavery" that

she can afford to speak out in this matter. It is a mockery

to place the franchise in the hands of the blacks in their present condition, as a mass. The existence of a few score, or, at most, a few hundred, who are educated, is nothing in the argument, save that it is the invaluable exception. To return to our eggs. Charge a man with selling you a dozen bad, and he exhibits a single fresh one among them, and, your own case is proved. So with the negroes. Those who pedantically contend for their enfranchisement, for the sake of a sham consistency, know perfectly well that they are not to be trusted with the most ordinary business transaction; and yet it is to such a population that the choice of political representatives is to be given. The shout of laughter with which the idea has been received here will be echoed again and again, but the proportions of the question make it too important for mere laughter. W. appeal to the sanity of America against its

bigotry.
I see advertised for publication a "Legacy of Fun" bequeathed by poor President Lincoln. This is probably an English reprint of a pamphlet well known in the States, arid widely circulated during the lifetime of the lamented deceased, entitled "Old Abe's Jokes." A large number of the witticisms attributed to Mx. Lincoln must be considered apocryphal, and many of them are olcisr than the oldest Joe Millers. Take, for instance, the story of the Widow Zollikoffer's negroone of the best related of old Abe, although I don't know whether it is inserted in the English collection.' The Widow

Zolhkcffer was a Dutchwoman, and lived in Bourbon County, Ken-tucky. Every autumn she was accustomed to make vast quantities f huckleberry )am; and her negro-man, "Jacky," having a sweet tooth, was equally accustomed to de'our the said. jam whenever he had an opportunity for so doing. One day the widow went out to pay round of visits, but, prior to her departure, she. told Jackey that, to prevent his stealing her sweet and sticky stores, she should chalk b's lips ; an operation which, to all seeming, she then and there performed. Back came the widow from her visits. "Well, Jackey," she said, "I hope you've left my jam alone." "Oh, yes," niissus," replied the faithful A.frican "nebber touched urn at sri. Look at urn lips I" and he exhibited bialarge labials well coated with white. 44 Why, you rascal," cried the widow, "I never chalked your Up at all: I only made believe! " Mr. Lincoln,. it is said, was accustomed to relate this anecdote, with the addtional remark that all the members of his cabinet were in the habit of chalking their lips. Now, the story of the Widow Zouikoffer is delicately paraphrased from one in the "Decanieron" of Boccaccio, about a painter who set out on a journey; and I have no doubt that, were it traced further back, it ni'ght be found to have been one of the stock stories in the Book of t e Sixty, preserved in the Temple of Hercules.

Returning to Europe lately, I happened to be one hot morning in

the Rue St. Ferréàl Marseilles. Ihapenecl to see in a shop Lwindow a

photc graph which instantly recognised as that of Edwin Booth, the

.&mencan tragedian. It is a beautiful face, and one belonging to a

most virtuous and upright man, with whom I am proud to have

b:en on terms of friendship. I stepped into the shop, and asked the

gentleman behind the counter whose portrait it was. "Mars," exclaimed he, "it is Boot, the assassin. Vilk Boot, ie mrérabk, is lacks. La population Marseillsise en rqflble. I have sold hundreds within the past four weeks." Poor Edwin Booth! for his calm features to be gibbeted all over the south of France as those of the eaperado of Ford's Theatre. I explained to the shopkeeper the libellous error into which he had fallen; but he shrugged his shoulders and said it did not much matter. He had plenty more orders for ' Vilk Boot," and they must be executed.

Of the real Wilkes Booth the actual assassin, I may say, suit

fan turn. I knew him first in !Boston, and afterwards in Canada. The last time I saw him was at Montreal, in October, 1864, at a place alled "Dolly's," next door to the St. Lawrence Hall, and much frequented by the amateurs of "Mint Juleps" and "John Colluises." There was Wilkes Booth "shouting" bottles of champagne to the company generally, and jingling handfuls of gold twenty-dollar pieces-rare enough in North America just then. He told me he had sold his theatrical wardrobe and was going south. . He was mad drunk; and, even without the aid. of champagne-cocktails, he was mad sober. The man was to all intents and purposes a lunatic
Franldithte is a black vitrco-metalloid substance, found in

New Jersey. It is only slightly magnetic; is fused by the blowpipe with some difficulty, and its composition, according to Berthier, is-peroxide of iron, 66; red oxide of manganese, 16; and oxide of zinc, 17. Hitherto it has been merely an object for the cabinet. We now learn that, when it is combined with forged iron or steel, it gives excessive hardness, which no tools can penetrate and which is not destroyed by the action of heat
In the second quarter of 1865 there went out from ports in the fluted Xthgdmn, where there are Government emigration officers, 71,087 emigrants-of whom 52,730 were destined for the United States, 6643 for British North America, 9820 for the Australian colonies, and 1594 for other parts of the world. More than a fourth part of the emigration, consisted of

fm 9 of English origin; bat the number of Irish emigrants was double hatun.f English, and all the former, except a few thousands, went to the united states. The Scotch who left their native country were about 4600. The emigration to the United States was not quite equal to that of the same quarter in either of the two preceding years; and the numbers who went to other destinations also showed a decrease.
UNITED STATES.

We have intelligence from New York to the 5th inst., at which

date the President was reported as being still indisposed, but improving.

General Grant is on a visit to Quebec. He had been received' enthusiastically at Boston.

Jefferson Davis's friends in New York axe endeavouring to hasten his trial.

The military authorities at Richmond have declared the late

elections mill on the ground that "loyal" soldiers were excluded from. the ballot-box.

The Governor of Kentucky has forbidden persons who have taken.

part in the rising to vote at the forthcoming elections in the State.

In Nashville, Tennessee, the Union candidate had been defeated;

but in other parts of the State "loyal" men were returned.

An order has been issued at Washington to muster out of the service all volunteer white troops in Texas whose services could be-dispensed with.

Mrs. Lincoln (says the Cliirago .Z?epubUcan) is living in perfect seclusion at the Hyde Park Hotel, on the shore of the lake, seven or eight miles from that city. Both her sons reside with her. Captain Robert Lincoln is studying law in the office of Messrs. Scammon, M'Cagg, and Fuller, in Chicago, and goes there daily, by the Illinois Central Railroad, to attend to his duties.

The New York Shakepeare Memorial Committee are ready to

• receive designs for the monument, which is intended to be a full--

length representation of Shakapeare, conforming in face and costume to the monument at Stratford-on.Avon and, the Droeahou print prefixed to the fret edition of his works, these being regarded as the only trustworthy authorities. The sculptor must be a United State

man.

The United States Pacific Railroad Telegraph line will be completed from Chicago to San Francisco in one year from the present time. Twelve hundred miles are already under contract, to be completed in 1865. This will make the second telegraph line to the Pacific, one being already in operation.
THE ATLANTIC  TELEGRAPH.

ARRIVAL OF THE GREAT EASTERr.

Tail Great Eastern has at last arrived, and the anxiety which had begun to be felt for those on board her is at an end. That she has so fox failed in the object of her mission is scarcely any news, b the story of that failure is full of interest. She arrived off Crookhavm on Thursday morning, and furnishes the following particulars of the operations for laying the Atlantic telegraph cable:

The Great Eastern sailed from Valencia, after making the splice

with the chore end, on the 23rd of July, and continued on har voyage to lat. 51.25, long: 89.6, being 1063 miles from Valencia, and dOO mils from Heart's Content, Trinity Bay, Newfouxtlland. She had then paid out 1212 miles of cable, when it parted, on the 2 id of August, at 12.86 p.m., in soundings of 8900 yards, under the following crcuwstances :-A partial loss of insulation having bean diacovere3, the

Great Eastern was stopped to recover that portion of tie cab'e in

which the fault lay,' electrical tests placing it probably within six

miles. The cable was passed from the stern to the b3w of the shin

for this purpose, and, after getting in two miles of cable, the fault being still overboard, the cable broke about ten yards in board of the wheel at the bow, having been injured by chafing on the stern.

Two previous faults had been discovered-the th:st in soundings of

about 1000 yards, and the second in about 4100 yards-.and had been

successfully recovered and made good; and in the first case ten

miles, and in the second two miles and a half, of cable werehauled in. Alter the cable parted, a grapnel with two nautical miles and, a half of rope was lowered, the ship being placed so as to drift over the line of the cable. The cable was hooked on the 8r3, and when 2200 yards of the rope had been hauled in a swivel in the latter gave way, and 2800 yards of rope were lost, the cable having been lifted 1200 yards from the bottom. On the 4th a buoy, with a lag and ball, was moored with 500 yards of rope to mark the place. It is in lat. 51.85, long. 88.42.80.

 From the 4th fogs said adverse winds prevented a further attempt

until the 7th, which was then made nearer the end of the cable and

was unsuccessful from the same cause when the cable had been lifted

about 1000 yards. Another buoy was here placed in lat. I28.30,

long. 88.56.9.

A third attexipt was made on the 10th, which failed on account of

the grapnel chain having fouled the flukes of the grapnel. The

grapnel and last 800 yards of rope came up covered with ooze.

A fourth attempt was made on the 11th, at Sp.ni., which also failed

through the breaking of the grapnel rope when the cable had been

raised 000 yards from the bottom.

The stock of rope having now become exhausted, it became neces

sary to proceed to, England for more and stronger tackle.

The practical conclusions unanimously arrived at by those nga.ged.

in the various capacities in the expedition are as follow:

Firstly-That the steam-ship Great Bastern, from her size and consequent steadiness, together with the better control obtained over her by both the paddles said screw, render it possible and safe to lay an Atlantic telegraph cable in any weather.

Secondly-That the paying-out machinery, constructed. for the purpose by mesas. S. Canning and. Cliord, worked perfectly, and can be confidently relied on.

Thirdly-That the insulation of the gutta-peroba-covered conductor im

proved when submerged to more than double what it hailbeen bef ore starting; and has proved itself to be the best insulated cable ever manufactured, and many times higher than the standard required by the contract. The eau'e of the two faults which were recovered was in each case a perforation of the gutta-percha through to the proper conductor by a piece of iron wire found sticking in the cable. Electrically, the third fault was analogous to the first. The difficulty may be provided against in future.

Fourthly-That nothing has occurred to create the least doubt in the minds of those engaged in the erpedition of the practicability of successfully laying and working an Atlantic telegraph cable; but, oil the contrary, their canfldence has been largely increased by the confidence obtained on this voyage.

Fifthly-That the Great Eastern steam-ship, supplied with sufficiently

strong tackle and hauling-In machinery for depth of OOO to 5000 yards, th

is little or no doubt of the possibility of recovering the lost end of the cable and completing the line already about two thirds laid.

The Great Eastern proceeds dinette 8heerness AU well on board. She reports having parted company with fl.LS. Sphnix a few days alter starting. The weather was for the most part very calm, but often foggy and rainy. A sti breeze blew on two days; but, although the sea washed over the Terrible, scarcely any motion was observable on board the Great Eastern, her greatest roll being 7 degrees, and her greatest pitching 1 to 1 degree. The

cable paid out beautifully, and, owing to its diameter anti lightness, the strain required to prevent too rapid egress never exceeded 14 cwt. Its angle with the horizon during the payingout rarely exceeded 9 deg. No difficulty whatever was experienced

in mooring the buoys in the deepest water, two having been left behind moored with pieces of cable that had been picked up from a depth of two miles. One of them rode out a sti summer gale, its position after nine days being unchanged. Captain Moriarty's

On-ono meters found the true position of the ship to within a fraion of a mile.

The Terrible has sailed for Newfoundland to coal.
The Marquis and Marchioness of Drogheda have been among

the visitors to the "Lincoln Cabin," built by the late President , mainly with his own hands, thirty-live years ago. It is now a show place, but bids fair t be carried off piecemeal by relic hunters.
A summary of the results of the last Census, in 1861, of the

United States and of Canada, respectively, establishes the following facts:

That during the interval between the'laat Census and the preceding one the decennial rate of increase of population in Canada exceeded that in the United States by nearly 51 per cent, Canada adding 4087 per cent to her population In ten years, while the United States added only 8558 per cent to theirs, That she brought her wild lands into cultivation at a rate, in nine years, exceeding the rate of increase of cultivated lands in the United States in ten years by nearly six per cent. Canada in 1880 having added fifty acres of cultivated laid to every hundred acres under cultivation in 1851, while the United States in 1860 had only added forty-four acres to every hundred acres under cultivation in 1850. That the value per cultivated acre of the farming lands of Canada In 1860 exceeded the value per cultivated acre of the farming lands of the United States, the average value per cultivated acre in Canada being 20 dole. 87 cents, and in the United Slates 16 dole. 32 cents. That in Canada a larger capital was invested in agricultural implements, in proportion to the amount of laud cultivated, than in the United Statesthe average value of agricultural implements used on a farm having a hundred cultivated acres being in Canada 182 dole., and in the United States 150 dole. That, In proportion to population, Canada in 1860 raised twice as much wheat as the United States, Canada in that year raising 1102 bushels for each inhabitant, while the united States raised only 5,60 bushels for each inhabitant. That, bulling together eight leading staples of agriculturewheat, corn, rye, barley, oats, buckwheat, peas and beaus, end potatoesCanada, between 1851 and 1860, increased in her production of these articles from 57 millions to 123 millions of bushels-an increase of 118 per cent, while the United States Ix ten years, from 1850 to 1860, increased their productions of the same articles only forty-five per cent. That in 1860 Canada raised, of those articles, 4912 bushels for each inhabitant, against a production In the United States of 4842 buahelafor each inhabitant. That- excluding Indian corn from the list-Canada raised of the remaining articles 18,07 bushels for each inhabitant, almost three times

rate of production in the United States, which was 1674 bushels for each inhabitant. And that, as regards live stock and their products, Canada in 1860, in proportion to her population, owned more horses and more cows, made more butter, kept more sheep, and bad a greater yield of wool than the United fitatee.-7ecn(o lflell1, GluSe.
$eile Boyd in Vamp and Prison. (Saunders, Otley, and Co.) Hard words fortunately break no bones, or the Federals would long since have been a nation of mummies. A better- abused party never carried a war to a successful issue, and by no one have they been more roundly abused than by "Belle Boyd," and her husband, Mr. flardinge, in these two volumes in which Mr. and Mrs. Hardinge's respective sufferings are recorded. The martyrs do not confine themselves to personal experience; hearsay evidence is by no means 'excluded. It is probable that when the reader discovers who "Belle Boyd" and Mr. Hardinge were-that the former, had it not been for her sex, would undoubtedly have been hanged early in the war as a spy, and that the latter was a renegade from the Federal cause -he will consider they were treated not too harshly by the authorities, whom it would be absurd to hold responsible for occasional vulgar brutality on the part of underlings. The book is in eminently "bad

tyle," and, with the assistance of the portrait upon the frontispiece,

will to a great extent destror those charming ideas which romance suggested of "la belle rebelle,' - -
We observe that Willie Pape, the young American pianist, whose performances have excited so much admiration not only in London but throughout the United Kingdom, is about to commence a *esh professional tour in the provinces during this autumn. We have often had occasion to express our opinion of the genius and attainments of this youthful and highly-gifted artist, whose reputation is now so well established in this country that there is scarcely a place of any note in England, Scotland, or Ireland where his reappearance will not be most warmly welcomed. We trust that, after this provinoialtour, be will resume his brilliant performances in the metropolis, where they have already been recognised as one of the most interesting features of the London musical season.
We read. in the Toronto Globe:-" The disproportion of

numbers in the male and female population of all rapidly-settled new terri

tories of the west has often been commented upon, and a large amount of

gratuitous and disinterested advice has been from time to time tendered to the excessive female population of eastern districts in reference to emigration. Oneottheresults of the war in the United States has been tocause elarge preponderance of single ladies throughout almost all portions of the UnloR east of the Rocky Mountains, and the attention of social economists has been. directed to the question of how such a large number of widows and orphans are to procure a comfortable living and avoid becoming burdens to the neighbourhoods in which they respectively dwell. Governor Andrews, of Massachusetts, in his last message to the Legislature of that State, suggested the propriety of some steps being taken in regard to the surplus woman, but nothing was done. His words, however, seem to have met with a. response from the other side of the continent. In Washington territory the single men outnumber the single women by eighty to one, there being lees than one hundred single women in the domain. The authorities of that territory, having their etteutloa called to the subject by Governor Andrew's remarks, have undertaken. to provide a free passage and good fare from New York to Washington territory for 300 widows and orphans of Union soldiers killed in the war. The gon. A. S. Mercer, of that territory, has arrived in New York to superintend the movement and see that none but the most respectable parties avail themselves of the offer. The steamer is to sail from New York for Panama on the fled of next month. All grown-up girls and women aooeptlng the offer are guaranteed respectable employment at four dollars in gold. per week, immediately on their arrival, so long as they choose to avail themselves. Of it. Although the voluntary transportation of ZOO women from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast is but a drop in the bucket towards equalising the sexes in. either portion of the country, yet it 1 the beginning ate very interesting movement, and is aaolently extensive for experimental purposes. Should it prove aucceesful, it will soon be repeated on a larger scale, and engaged in, sot only by other western territories at their own expense, but with the active,

the CO-oper%tim 91 tites ever od.wl tuxpJ.ua feile population"',
THE DIARY OF THE CABLE. Wo has not read it? Whose pulse has not fluttered in unison with the vicissitudes which its brief story exhibits? Who has not uttered a deep-drawn sigh at its mournful c]oae-a sigh, nevertheless, having in it none of that bitterness with which

e bury dead hopes out of our sight? What "sensational novel" ever swayed our emotions to and fro as this simple record has had power to do? It has been truly said that "truth is stranger than fition," and this diary vividly illus. trates the remark. Seldom, perhaps, in the annals of civiliBa

tion has a mechanical experiment been more graphically described-certainly never has any involved in its issue results of higher importance. As an instance of scientific insight and accuracy it raises our admiration to the highest pitch.. As representing a grand and all-butsuucessful 'struggle of art
aith iyei:drrs and 'ningly invincible Ob3aciCS, it, has its

ges 01 intensest ecitcmeiit. But every step of the itVC C1Tr12S along with it hopis and fears which regard ends

i tm cei.dtnt inoment-the linking together, by a kind of mystical inarriage.riar, the Eastern and Western Hemispheres;

Hemispheres; Me brirgiag them into daily presence with each other; and the 1;)iceag assimilation of the one to the other in all that relates

o mt ennitional converse, commerce, friendship, emulation,

yrogrrs. This as the "consummation devoutly 'Lobe wished,"

tic near prospect of whith. kindled enthusiasm, as from both sides of the Atlantic the experiment was looked forward torn; and it is this which, ever iii the mind àf the ieadcr, imparts to the diary such a thrilling interest.

Well, the failure is one which prophesies success. It is din. appointing, but not disheartening. It must needs be accounted an "adversity," but it has its "sweet uses.'' It has severely rebuked carelessness, but, in doing so, has promised to greater care all that is desired. The prize is too precious to admit of its being given at random. It can be won by desert alone; but then desert will win it. The grand but unfortunate attempt has taught us that, in more senses than one, nothing is stronger than its weakest part. The shackles of the wirerope to be used for lifting the submerged cable had not been. made to bear the strain towhich they were subjected, on thepresumption, probably, that they would not be required forum. The utmost precaution was exercised in the construction ind coiling cf the cable, with the single exception that, in splicing it, a few wire ends were allowed to remain in the tanks. Everything was successful which had been duly prepared with a view to 8000558.- nothing gave way but that which previous calculation and testing might have forewarned the operators would give way. Science was not at fault. Art was not at fault where it did its best. It has been proved to demonstration that the process of laying a perfect cable across the depths of the Atlaitic is not only feasible, but is as capable of being rendered a certainty as any mechanical process whatsoever. Human intelligence has gone up to Nature a third time with its wellstudied task, and a third time has been turned down-but this time with a consciousness that every part of it has been really mastered, and that it was prevented from passing only by a slip or two which it can readily guard against in future. Hereafter there need be no peradventure in the undertaking.

 After a studious perusal of Mr. Russell's diary we are able to draw up an account of the pros and cons affecting the late, and calculated, if suffered to remain as they are, to affect every future expedition. The facts of an assuring character are both numerous and decisive; those which explain the failure are, happily, few and remediable. The Great Eastern has proved to be thoroughly competent to her work-steady in her course, easily steered, not materially disabled by any changes of weather, and 'roomy enough to admit of any requisite machinery and to carry with safety the enormous indispensable amount of tonnage. The cable itself is a triumphant success, sufficiently strong to bear its own weight, of the right specific gravity, well fitted when laid to preserve the insulation of its core, and likely rather to improve than to lose its conductivity by deep submersion. The scientific skill of the electricians has been so perfected as to enable them instantly to detect a flaw, and to point out within a mile or so the place in the cable where it will be found. The cable may be safely hauled in when necessary until the fault has been found and rectified, and when the machinery for that purpose has been strengthened and improved as experience suggests will probably do its work with the utmost ease and regularity. Should the cable actually part, its submerged end may be picked up from any depth and lifted once more on board. All these conclusions have been proved by actual trial. Yet the expedition failed, The failure, however, was due to removable causes. Injury to the cable during the process of paying out arose three times from precisely the same cause, and, whether attributable to malicious design or to

their faces homeward, and, in their efforts to recover the lost end of the cable, demonstrated the practicability both of finding and, securing it. The most thrilling portions of the diary iave proved also the most useful. They record successes just where they were least expected, marred by failures just where they may be surely provided against in fature. The effect' of them was marvellous in dissipating gloom, in reviving hope, and in inspiring confidence. The various telegraphic companies interested in the completion of the undertaking wisely concluded to resume operations forthwith. Their first intention was to construct all the necessary mechanical appliances and send back the Great'Eastem in October to pick up the broken cable, splice it with what remained on board, and finish the work which accident had suspended. On consultation with Captain Anderson, however, they substituted for this plan a much wiser one. The machinery of the Great Eastern needs repairs, the completion of 'which would delay any resumption of the enterprise until the season was so far advanced as to multiply the risks. It has, therefore, been resolved to wait till May of next year. Meanwhile, a second cable is to be nianufactared, which will be laid. alongside of the first; and, should the' effort succeed, as is confidently anticipated, it is proposed that the Great Eastern shall commence paying out the imexhausted portion of the old line at Newfoundland, make for the spot where the fracture occurred, fish up the broken end, splice it with the newly-laid portion, and so provide the public with two lines instead of one. The details of this plan will very likely undergo some modification; but, in substance, it maybe looked upon as adopted.

"None but the brave deserve the fair" Courage, patience, and perseverance are the qualities which Nature most regards in those who woo her. In the end, she evermore rewards them. That they have been arid are being conspicuously din. played in the conduct of the present undertaking cannot be denied; that they may ere long receive the prize for which they are striving will, we are sure, be the hearty prayer of all who yearn for the onward and upward progress of the human race.
same cause, and, whether attributable to malicious design or to

ignorant negligence, maybe certainly avoided hereafter. The repair of that injury on the last occasion of its occurrence was frustrated simply by the fact that the machinery provided for such a contingency had been less scrupulously passed as sufficient than it would have been had it been foreseen that the moment was coming when the success or failure of the whole enterprise would depend upon it. That, also, will be guarded against hereafter. Balancing the known elements of success against the known elements of failure, we are warranted by reason in looking upon a Transatlantic cable as not merely a possibility or a lucky accident, but as a result lying as clearly within the limits of certainty as any human work that is yet future can be. We now know all that has to be provided, and that it can be pro'sided, in order to realise the full extent of our wishes in regard to this matter. We see clearly the whole process by which this most splendid of projects may be converted into an accomplished fact. In missing our way, this time, we have discovered the true way for the next time. The problem is solved. Henceforth nothing remains to be conjectured. Simple obedience to known laws is all that is required.

The elements of success being such as we have attempted to indicate, we congratulate our readers on the fact that the promoters of the scheme have resolved to test them once more by actual experiment. They have lost none of their confidence, nor has a particle of their courage oozed away. What might have been their final determination if the Great Eastern had returned immediately on the severance of the cable can be matter of conjecture only. In that case, possibly, the experiment would have teen considered as one surrounded by too many risks to invite repetition, and years might have glided away before another attempt would be ventured upon. Happily, such was not the case. The men to whose conduct the enterjrise 'was intrusted exhausted all their resources before setting

 THE BREAKING OF THE ATLANTIC TELEGR LPH CABLE ON BOARD THE GREAT EASTERN.

Tnu return of the Great Eastern, bringing news of the failure of the attempt to lay the Atlantic Telegraph Cable, the broken end of which lies nearly 2000 fathoms deep in the ocean, distant about 1000 miles from the shore end in Foilhummerum Bay, was announced last week; and the authorised journal of the expedition, written from day to day by Mr'W. H. Russell on board the Great Eastern, from Monday July td,-1- riday, August 11, has since been published. -We jow

1Gnr be recollected that, on the seoónd day after starting from the Irish coast, Wednesday, July 20, a fault in the electric insulation of the cable was detected, and a length of ten miles which had been submerged in the wake of the ship was picked up again to examine wheie the fault lay; it was then found that a tiny piece 0' loose iron wire had forced its way through the outer covering and the gutta-percha surrounding the electric wire, so as to come in ccntactwith the latter; and, when this piece was cut out and a new splice made, the fault was effectually cured. The cable had again to be raised and examined in the same way, on the 29th, when the ship was in 2000 fathom water, 636 miles from Valencia, and 1028 miles from Newfoundland. A total loss of electric insulation, or "dead earth," as it is called, had been discovered about one o'clock that afternoon. The ship was stopped at once, and, as soon as the pickingup machinery could be put in gear, the end of the cable was hauled in again over the bow, and the faulty portion having been cut off and laid aside for a minute examination, the remainder was spliced afresh, and the operation of paying cut over the stern of the ship was recommenced next morning. --Qbe

#1....,.4,....,.

a ccrioo o?olootrieel ts'Es Slowly but surely the defective portion of the cable was reached sndeut cut. "A very painful discovery," says the journal, "was then made. An incision was visible in one strand of the hemp covering an external wire, and, on unravelling the strands so as to expose the insulated wires, a piece of broken iron wire was found driven through the guttapercha covering so as to project beyond it on each side to the extent of the diameter of the cable; one end was sharp, as if out with a nippers, the other was broken off abruptly; and the diameter, on the gauge being applied, corresponded with that of the wire covering the cable. It was impossible to resist the irritating and sorrowful conviction that such an injury was the work of some hired cable assassin or some purposeless malefactor. Mr. Canning showed the cable and the stab to the cablemen who admitted that the mischief could not have occurred accidentally; and those who were in the tank when the cable was injured, being of the same gang as that which was on duty when the other piece of wire was forced into tha cable, were transferred to different duties on deck. The gentlemen on board the ship formed a corps of supervisors, who undertook to watch in the tank turn about, and the men employed gave their acquiescence." We may add that the names of the gentlemen who performed this voluntary service were Mr. Cyrus Field, Captain Moriarty, Profesao Thomson, Mr., Vsrley, Mr. K, Dudley, Mr. H. O'Neil, A.R.A., Mr.,Gooch, M,P., and M. Jules Despeober, each twice a day for two hours at a time.

 We take from Mr. Russell's journal, without abridgment, his account of the actual breaking of the cable, on Wednesday, the 2nd, which he has justly called "a sad and memorable day." There had been a strong gale the night before, but the ship scarcely felt it, and went on paying cut cable, without let or hindrance, at a high rate of speedseven knots an hour. "About daybreak the wind suddenly shifted to N.N.W. and fell to alight breeze, and at 4 a.m. the course was altered to N.W. by W. W., the sea falling. Morning broke beautifully, and the cable ran cut easily, at the rate of seven miles an hour. At 5.35 a,m,. ship's time, the paddles were reversed by order from tie electricians' room. In fact, at 8 a.m., Greenwich time, or a minute after, while the electricians were passing the first of the half-hourly series of currents to the shore, the galvanometer detected a flaw of electricity which indicated a serious fault. The tests gave no result as to locality, for the fault was very varying, but it was generally believed to be net far from the stern of the ship. While Mr. Cyrus Field was on watch in the tank, a little before the time of the accident, a grating noise was audible as the cable flew over the coil. One of the experienced hands immediately said, 'There is a piece of wire' and called to the look-out man above top the information aft, but no notice appears to have been taken for some time of the circumstance. After the snip had been stopped and the remainder of the flake in which the fault was supposed to iaave occurred had been paid out, a piece of wire was seen projecting out of the cable in the fluke, and, on one of the men taking it in his fingers and trying to bend it down, the wire broke short off. It was nearly Sin, long, and evidently of bard, ill-tempered metal, which had flown out though the strands
of the cable in the tank. The fault in the cable which had gone overboard night obviously have been caused by such a piece of wire, and there could be no doubt that the wire of the outer covering of the cable was capable of inflicting injury on the gutta-percha it was intended to protect. The discovery was in some measure a relief to men's minds, because it showed that one certainly, and the second possibly, of the previous faults might have been the results of similar accident. It was remarked, however, that this fault occiuxred on. the same watch as all the previous misfortunes had occurred.

"Asthe fault was too serious to be overlooked, and as there was a difficulty in detecting its situation, preparations were made to get the picking-tip apparatus ready. Previous to doing so, two cuts were made in the cable, the first near the old splice, between the main and the fore tank (cable all right) ; the second cut, three miles inboard, which showed the fault to be an that portion of the cable which was overboard. The wire rope and the chain were now secured to the cable forward, which showed a maximum strain of 23 cwt. and at 965, Greenwich time, the cable was severed and went over t1e stern, 1186 miles having been paid out when the end splashed into the water. With less difficulty than usual-in fact, with comparative facilitythe cable was hauled in over the bows at 10.8 am., Greenwich time. The strain in it, according to the dynamometer, was from 50 owb. to 65 cwt., though the latter figures represented the maximum only reached on one occasion. We were nearly in 2000 fathoms of water; but it was considered a favourable circumstance that we had not got a few miles further, as we should have then been in the very deepest part of the Atlantic plateau. As far as could be ascertained, the ship was now over a gentle elevation, on the top of which-there was only 1960' fathoms of water. The picking-up was, as usual, exceedingly tedious and one hour and forty-six minutes elapsed before one mile was goL on board; then one of the engine's eccentric sear got out of. order, so that a man bad to stand by with a handspike, aided by a wedge of wood and an elastic band, to aid the wretched engine. Next the supply of steam failed, and when the steam was got up it was f'ouud that there was not water enough in the boilers, and so the picking-up ceased altogether for some time, during which the ship forged ahead and chafed against the cable.

 "Let the reader turn his face towards a window, and imagine that

lie is standing on the bows of the Great Eastern, and then, of course, on his right will be the starboard, on his left the port side of the ship. In front, fixed in the bows, is a large V-wheel, as it is technically termed, with a smaller wheel of the same kind on the same axis •ftt each side on which the cable is d±a'wn as it is pufledup from the eea. by the pcking.up apparatus, and thence is wound under the dynamometer and drum-wheels till it has passed the breaks and is coiled down aft in safety. There are at the bows of the Great Eastern two large hawsenipes, the iron rims of which project nearly a foot beyond the line of the stem. After two miles of cable had been picked up the Great Eastern was forced to forego the use of her engines because the steam failed, while her vast broadside was exposed to the wind, which was drifting her to the larboard or left-hand side, till by degrees. an oblique strain was brought to bear on the cable, which came up from the sea to the bows on the right-side. Against one of the hawsepipes the cable now caught on the left-hand side, while the ship kept moving to the left, and thus chafed and, strained the cable greatly against the bow, for now it was held by this projection, and did not da'a from the V-wheel. The Great Eastern could not go astern lest tie cable should be snapped, and without motion some way there is no power of steerage. At this critical moment, too, the wind shifted, so as to render it more difficult to keeji the head of the ship up to the cable. As the cable then chafed so much that in two places damage was done to it, a shackle chain and a wire rope belonging to one of the buoys were passed down the bpw over the cable and secured in a bight below the hawsepipes. These were hauled 80 as to bring the cable, which had been caught on ttie lefthand side by the hawsepipes, round to the right-hand side of the bow,. the ship still drifting to the left, while the cable, now drawn directly up from the sea to the V-wheel, was straining obliquely from the right with the shackle and rope attached to it. It was necessary to do this instead of veering away, as we were near the end of the cut of cable.

"The cable and the wire rope together were now coming in over the

bows in the groove in the larger wheel, the cable being wound upon a

drum behind by the machinery, which was once more in motion, and

the wire rope being taken in round the capstan. But the rope and cable, as I have tried to explain, were not coming up in a right line, but were being hauled in, with a great strain on them, at an angle from the right-hand side, so that they did not work directly in. the V in the wheel. Still, up they came. The strain was shown on the dynamometer to be very high, but not near breaking-point. At last, up came the cable and wire rope shackling together on the V-wheel in the bow. They were wound round on it, slowly, and were passing over the wheel together, the first damaged part being inboard, when a jar was given to the dynamometer, which flew up from 60 cwtm. -the highest point marked-with a sudden jerk, 8 in. In fact, the chain shackle and 'wire rope clambered, as it were, up out of the groove on the right-hand side of the V of the wheel, got on the top of the rim of the V-wheel, and rushed down with a crash on the smaller wheel,. giving, no doubt, a severe shock to the cable to which it was attached. The machinery was still in motion, the cable and the rope travelled aft together, one towards the capstan, the other towards the dram, when, just as the cable reached the dynamometer, it parted, 30 ft. from the bow t and with one bound leaped, as it were, into the sea."
cur front page Mr. Canning, the chief engineer of the w,aataucIing close by. Mr. Russell goes on to say:-" It is not possible for any words to portray the dismay with which the sight was witnessed and the news heard. It was enough to move one to tears, and, when a man came aft with the inner end still lashed to the chain, and we saw the tortured strands, torn wires, and lacerated core, it is no exaggeration to say that a strange feeling of pity, as though for some sentient creature mutilated and dragged asunder by brutal force, passed through the hearts of the spectators. But of what avail was sentimental abstraction, when instant, strenuous action was demanded? Alas! action? There, around, spread the placid Atlantic, smiling in the sun, and not a dimple to show where lay so many hopes buried. But there was no blank despair, and if any felt despondency they suppressed the expression of it, while by far the greatest number of those on board were actually animated, not by the loss itself, but by the accidental nature of the occurrence, to indulge in sanguine expectations of ultimate success. Captain Moriarty was just coming to the foot of the companion to put up his daily statement of the ship's position, having had excellent observations, when the news came. 'I fear,' he said, 'we shall not feel much interest now in knowing how far we are from Heart's Content.' However, it was something to know, though it was little comfort, that we had at noon run precisely 116,4 miles since yesterday, that 118(3 miles of cable had been paid out, that we were 1062-4 miles from Valencia, 8066 miles from Heart's ontent, that we were in 1st. 51 deg. 25 ruin., long. (3) de g. 6 mm. our course being 76 dog. S. and 25 dog. W. The Terrible was signalled 'The cable has parted,' and was requested to bear down to us, which she did, and came-to o our port-beam. After a brief consideration Mr. Canning, whose presence of mind and self-possession never left came to the resolution to seek for the cable in the bottom of the Atlantic, and to get out his grapuels and drop down on it and pick it up again." ,

We must reserve till next week our _m-L f LL attempts made in the next few days (unfortunately, without success) to recover. the lost cable, which was twice found and hooked, and raised a considerable way towards the surface, but proved too heavy for the strength of the lifting apparatus. The Great Eastern remained near the spot eight or nine days, and then, on the 11th inst., leaving two buoys to mark the position of the cable, turned her head back towards Europe. Her consort, the Terrible, went on to Newfoundland. The Great Eastern, as stated in our last arrived at Orookilaven, on the Irish coast, on Thursday week. She came up the Channel on Saturday last, and lay-to off Brighton, where some of the gentlemen connected with the Atlantic Telegraph expedition landed and hastened to London. On Sunday, about one in the afternoon, the Great Eastern reached her old moorings at Sheerness. Some thousands of spectators were assembled on the beach and cheered her as she entered the port; she was greeted also with a burst of music from the baud of the Marines on board the Formidable, the flagship, under the command of Sir Charles Talbot, the Commander-in-Chief at sheerness station.
