ILN-V.41 Illustrations (20)

    Title Page

p. 24-The War in America:  Refugees from Southern Cities on the Mississippi Flocking for Protection to the Federal Transports on Their Advance down the River.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 37-The Civil War in America.:  Portion of the Water Batteries at Fort Pillow, on the Mississippi, after the Evacuation-Looking up the River.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  Main Battery at Fort Pillow, on the Mississippi, Evacuated by the Confederates on the 5th of June.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Full Page)

p. 77-Federal Gun-Boat.-See Supplement, page 84.

p. 92-The Civil War in America:  Destruction of the Federal Flotilla off Memphis.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 84.  (Full Page)

p. 100-The Civil War in America:  High-Street, Richmond, Virginia.

p. 105-Illustrations of the Civil War in America.  By Our Special Artist.:  Position of the Federal Flotilla on the Mississippi, off Fort Pillow, shortly before its Evacuation.  and  Colonel Fitch and the 46th Indiana Volunteers Taking at the Point of the Bayonet the Confederate Battery of Fort St. Charles, on the White River, Arkansas.  See Supplement, page 111.  (Full Page)

p. 125-The Civil War in America:  Scene of Operations in Eastern Virginia, Showing M'Clellan's Present Position.-See page 128.

p. 149-The Civil War in America:  Cottonburners in the Neighbourhood of Memphis Surprised by Federal Scouts.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.

p. 368-The Civil War in America:  General Stuart (Confederate) with his Cavalry Scouting in the Neighbourhood of Culpepper Courthouse.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 369-The Civil War in America:  Colonel of the 4th Regiment European Brigade of the Confederate Army.-From a Photograph.

p. 513-The Confederate Sloop-of-War "290," or Alabama, Leaving the Merchant-Ship Tonowanda.-See Supplement, page 535.  (Full Page)

pp. 516-517-The Civil War in America:  The Last Stand Made by the Federals at Manassas.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  The Civil War in America:  View, from the West, of Richmond, Virginia, Capital of the Confederate States.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 521  (Double-Page Spread)

p. 520-The Civil War in America:  Camp of the Confederate Marines at Drury's Bluff, on the James River.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.

p. 521-The Civil War in America: Drury's Bluff, a Confederate Position on the James River, near Richmond.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 589-Captain Semmes, of the Confederate States' Sloop-of-War Alabama ("290").  and  Major-General "Stonewall" Jackson, of the Confederate Army.-See page 606.

p. 596-"A Herd of Bisons Crossing a River Bottom on the Upper Missouri," by W. J. Hays, in the Late International Exhibition.

p. 656-The Election of Mr. Horatio Seymour, Governor of the State of New York:  Democratic Procession Passing the New York Hotel.

p. 696-a.  The War in America:  Recruiting in New York:  the Irish Zouaves.-See preceding page.  and  b.  Fort Lafayette, the American Bastille for Political Prisoners.   


1


1


