RIVERTCA.
WAR INTELL1(ENUZ
We have news from New York to the morning of the 19th ult. Elm information respecting she win movements may be briefy insari med.
General Langstreet, who does not appear to have been retreating v.th any hot haste from Knoxville, turned upon the pureeing Federal in the I1th and drove them beck some distance with considerable toe. The latest accounts were to the effect them fighting was still :ping on at a point described as Blair's crossroads.
The federate	said to have abandoned Locket Mountain
Ridge, and other points, from which General Grant recently :rove the Confederates.
Ilardee's army is estimated at 36,000 strong, and is at Dalton, with deketr extending to the simnel. Wheeler is reorganising cavalry at Oaken for an active-winter campaign. Grant and Sherman have left tlattanocga for Bridgeno'h.
Tie famous Confederate guerilla leader, Morgan, who recently nade his escape from a Federal prison, had, it is said, succeeded in n' tting acae the Tennessee, hot not, it world. seem, without we iderable difcol:y and risk, ae it is MErmcd that sixteen of his escort re captured.
s There's no news of imncrtttce from the mmy of the Potomac. doeb}'e and W bite's gnerillre are very troablesoive and nnmerous, optionally haramfng the outposts. On the 13th 7.0 of tame male dash at the bridge across Cedar Ran, n Catlett's station, int were driven back by the force guarding the bridge. The line of
•	railroad from the front to Alexandria is hereafter to be well pre. acted by both cavalry and infantry. Short leaves of absence are reply granted to officers men. There it nothing further in blation to the removal of General Meade. It is reported that he has
ded ...um of inquiry into the conduct of the late campaign. ~C aineral Snare at the head of a force of Confederate cavary, had ends a raid upon the Orange and . 1exandda Railroad, near Fairfax, rid, besides capturing a number of prisoner's, he destroyed about two idles of the line of railway.
. A despatch fib Gu under Bailer At Forster, Monroe c	in that
[portion of the force, Confederate gar General Chines had succeeded eeded in cap-tiring g Liv Co i`ighrs an at Charles City f erates o o the sines kinds'. Eight officers and over c mli esacie rd
tatless Federal forces,	osniah this, vein, had marched
am-Ay-two miles to dfrwfcor home, mostly in a severe seem. A brigade mara d tnothpe under
Doce W9d occupied inhabitants babeth rove •	North C
taicon y	the 10th of General oer. Tim	wram entirely nil= o::co by surprise, and of erede and offered h no resistance.
Portsmouth
roWild.	is m e goads were sent back to	e the b by
:mead important u . ertinid n td d that Elizabeth City is to be made the base
oe
¢Fder is werefths.
The toelay were throwing ]mate d:unbar of sha decns :plied to toy the
ng en an in. An accidental fun bad
and in	named,	.eo the	to the harbour
way hat it ante thought the Federal aI fleet oua to
would be e able t to make it, ib way nmugh them,
rlem o.
The official reports of the commmmrmcde of the monitors engaged in popoit'y attack on n Charleston	ss atehan f h	et
their
e	p to overcome strong too, and state that if he to e attack
.ed. had emn u prolonged ad the tas dt disappointed would	have been the
datah On-all mofm sea he wait gpstrintetg farts, beyond measure e expert-sent of aewftdls overcoming strong fm:a, and considers is was a fair [ C Captain
stride in q, of the Passive, i, s e he.
.	.!tusk	quick s ee
in Its p in the lower part of the there: by two ll wee which which bulged	fee hl nit and beams, ttd forcing together Rees	he the carriage of the 11-mch gm, wered, rendered it wholly
[esuck for the remainder fIhw action. A alt Ritter very heal v rays rifle-shot tuck the upward. wardr * edge of the tvmu broke all its eleven heavy mates, and then, aiming lstruck thetlth top with etch force es ra to Rend it over,
the hinter and d glee	mke t	ng :Mot inside df tin pilot-hatop
wen Id d rendering it extremely mely mrlS likely that top, e heoej xi¢L the next shot would take MC the Wlr
the
iCapt.
T;Captain Hedgers, of the acketwwie reporta near I'bwe mthheavyato struck ee a
i	place. They
much tMrote the Iron that It le only remained	toe( fexposed. Do	t
ea	h ck
Melt Iced o picked off
to make by by hand, and in 3t the splintered
wood o
au into	v sel (lack
placed .lt	broken ake ke ohoth, through which a ., hlca water n eau into the h e k bolts were	ha	e	and great many in the p
hisc.	ic:
To the
which she received, it multiplied, done
nn Forty W1Gin the so. pr ca. After er the third vdehot !hot from m the do Id-inch
ng Very gun of the porttaed p	hei became jammed, several in. A. number	near the port and
a giplating. It wee not need itheir vicinity tmb	the eknkedn wore
anal rtT e n t lunch ta another sh
ot eveeplmwootdhave
knocked them
n
The deck	were cut in	[denting tinedo eve t of out through gathe iron
about king, for two some that
e inches betthep%tor,o bolts, the and the as	d	feet below. The plates on
	one, the ride	cf the hots i
ere	in
re proi tyeq and	where struck armour by two abro en
proximity,
	edging partly k pl stripped Wfrom the wood, , and a ado wood	The
lno with	pIrt heck agin l, ere sp t :toad back in n ghost. The
bk eras arena edc twice thpl it iii ins oho: near ar a[ d the prtog up twe
tits ng er staton the	twenty y[m~ , th hte[turre . Thenre -C!oo
were
re its, , mother starting platen and ewewere¢	the turret. There wart of nine shots rrmein ern the	were broken perceptibly, the bolts o of off th em flying out turret,
complotho bolts d beinging almost	i length outside,
y, and bs Schad at considerable eie.ce
laWace
the turret, on the leek. one shot stria the upper a
waps part of the Elm	through every plate. eakieg	The pilot-house received	much damaged and
team,
mleQ and d four mom n such .` st sits as it	[d would have demolished it.
Rd feria have been introduced for a new reciprocity treaty with Canada; also to inquire into rho expediency of putting coloured soldiers on the same Tong as white men as regards pay, and of abolishing the Sod dole draught o	tint.
A bill A bill has been i trodeoed in the the Senate prohibiting the sale of gold, silver, exchange through brokers unless the whole of the purchase-money y be paid dorm. under the penalty of a heavy five and imprisonment.
A banqnbanquet to both Houeoe of Congress has been given on board the
of the she t Peet at Washington. The Bossier Minister and the Speaker of	House of Representatives made e	es.
The Sew York Herald has nominated d General Grant as caudidate for the next presidency, and has pat forward an electioneering cry that
he would demand from England	indemnity for the depredations
of privateers, and would expel the French from Mexico.
An Evening Exchange" hen been opened in the hears of the handsomest quarter of New York, to which, after a	atched
dinner. crowds of brokers and speculators eagerly hurry, there t there
resume the transactions of the day mid to anticipate those of the
m There
There have been several of the of peace proposals coming from the south lately, ut nothing g of the kind has appeared with the ye„
The Confederate Smote last in conformity ty with the reeommendtion of President Dad, ge, passed a bill prohibiting the employment of states in the Confederate army.
1Sativede, from from Tennessee, of the Confederate House of Rcpm- i loss oftves, in a speech of the 11th ult., casts the whole blame of the
lo
leas of Yioksbutg and the Confederate reverses fu East Tennessee upon President Davis for retnbdng Generals Pemberton mid Bragg in command.
The Richmond press denomcs President Lincoln's amnesty proclasatiion as fnfa.mous dooumeat, which will but aroma the Southern people to new tea: end new efforts.
The Federal steamer Ella Made has recaptured the Chesapeake, with three of h m crew, Sam:. Harbour, Nova Scotia. The Chesapeake was take to lfMifm for yadieial decision. No resistance 1 was offered by the crew, all of whom, except three, escaped to the shore. The English authorities in Nova Scotia had forbidden the furnishing of cone to the Chesapeake by the people of that province; I. they had ordered her detention wherever ehe appeared, and gave the information to the Federala which led to her capture. It is also alleged that they have ordered the arrest of the men who mixed her
while going in her as passeng holding them to have been guilty of piracy. Mr. Seward bas had a friendly Interview with Lord Lyons on the subject.
The Federal brig Perry has been captured near Charleston. The tamer Ceres was destroyed off Beaufort.
One that at the base broke every plate through, and evidently nearly penetrated it.
MT CELr.& EOD9.
The Federal House of Representatives has passed a resolution, by 93 to G1. that the war should be Prosecuted so long ae the rebels are found in arms. A motion, snbnntted by the Ha. Fernando wool, requesting the Presidert to appoint two commissioners to negotiate with the authorities at Richmond with the view of terminating the war and reetoring the Union upon the ]tens of equity, fraternity. and equality under the Constitution, was tabled—i.e.. thrown aside—by a
98 mains] 5'J. All the Democratic members except five voted for its adoption, sad the large minority in its favour has created some sensation,
THE PAMPERO,
This ve aoi, lammed a short time
from the building-yard of ago S. G. Thomson, Glasgow, hoe mood a good deal of intemst, rainy to o e:i picion being pretty
•,u	wr' t., .144 It W.
tend to o make het a consort to the Alabama Geotgia, and Florida. reasons for supposing her to he for that se-vi c and praying for an Shortly ulna being Ian-ached, the Emancipation Society at Glasgow investigation mto the matter. To this Earl Rumell replied that the midmmed a memorial to Earl Russell; stating that they had attention of }e ]fajestve Government had already bt;n directed to.
reasons for ppo 6 her to be for that	e, and praying for an
investigation	the attn. To this Earl Rn-it replied that the
attention of her ]fa y.y s Government had already bu.n directed to
'7t ok b.cebeynd witbh y
easel took PFaru trey nd ppooee .
tllfomy odomb	her berth
r in vmgfrom eenook the boat Uf c]i, a of te ece to flea 'Mae hs chp ogne, stat ioned there, and placing hex on the oppppcsite side of the
4i harbour to theocate o. licnentfy,
;" the Loud Advocate of Seotleud instructed the customs anaoritfrs to detain her, and she is now in charge of a Fang of blcejtckete. Thetad,o ahandeohimeeamer f]00000 tress, builde mmeasurement, length, 230 V.: beam, 9'2ft, depth, soft.; ft5 with pxtnig enggin s of 200-horse power. She le finely
sparred, and	main and fore
of iron,	coof
inasts, sprea
her fn ding a luge deg of f canvas
She h.
lifEng xcd	rota is tescepto. Sheh.
tifhnnd patent aeetih
topsails.	t a ID sketah sketch of the
Pampa- is from a eket by ]k.
Hugh AUd, d (?ledgow.

Englishmen>•–,at he wicked in the American eye, Lied there can be l
oe fm them or with them. Unhappily, the latest aggravation
giive. comes Iron or own G mvertment. It is the case of the Victor,  ddmiralty. =hip of gums, which was sold to some private six individual, fitted oat hl Chatham Dockyard workmen, and finally got lea off, as the -Rappahannock, Confederate States' oritiser.
more unhappy, more ludicrous, cannot be conceived. Of
	course, is	-tended ' but it looks very much as if our was never great men	so tired after the labour of delaying the steam-
ragas in the Medway that there was no more energy amongst then to look a".ter Yic'.ors and RapPahannooks. Within a fortnight there will be mother poly of the choicest Sewardian scolding, and passionate threa5 from certain New York organs. And then there will be Lord Rcsse'us reply, and proms, already once broken, never to do the like again. And all this in face of General Grunt's standing far she pre diency, with a popala "platfon:i ' or "ticiet;" of i p -w,rfar°witningla:d:anles ropnnatmn he male for flfiythcnsar.d
apr hensibie thin y, The workmen, said to have been officially ev:ploveLt are all to be di.=missed, nominally for being absent with-out leave: but, to reality, for having bear as careless as Goverment itself in breaking Lnt raadonrd taws.
BURNING OF THE A31E RICAN RIVER-STEAMER ISAAC NEWTON.
Tin Isaac Newton, one of the most elegant of the many floating palaces on the Hudson River, while on her way from New York to Albany, caught fire near Port Washington. from the bursting of one of her boilers, on Saturday, the 5th nit, and wao bum, to the water's edge. All attempts to extinguish the flames proved unavailing. It
impossible, owing to the dense smoke and steam on the lower was deck. to get at the hose, and the heat drove the engineer from his post The Isaac Newton had or. board, at the ti of the accident. about 130 passengers. A tag and a proped,er hastened to the relief of those on board, who were speedily removed from the burning
Fourteen person were, however, badly scalded by the steam, wreck. and of these six died. Oar Engraving is from a sketeh taken by Mr.
AMERICA.
waft
=,•E,,rd eE,~
We hem news from New York to December dG. Everything wash
	quiet to that date in :he	the Potomac. The mwh wore
panne town into comfortable :mirk, ywin Soaping F i _ A slight skir sh took ;lace ooccurred ehe 0 recently u [ewen a General mail body of genmvibes and Anne of Gregg's cavalry, near Ttorgambmg. rile Confederates rerouted after a fawn shots were exclmnged.
General Lo gstrce'. had indicted a check on a body of S'edemis at.  Bear Station, iutitw d Mat 'ms rail y contemplating ica: t Richmond had been more or s obstructed by a successful 'Maid' m tc- tile;
	VTGenea General Joe	Railway by the Federal General adlL and
and C deem ee Johnston	owas of mthe eting to reinforce army in Ce, and	was, it
	:e said to	the command {	}n	y it,
	The F ere fe	going	quarters	l . t ooty
	The C nto	Ad'.	reported to h
An:
Lite Root, but they had sustained a rep Aga it , At u.,c:p
on the on pests of Fort Gibson.
General
bombardment is to lertcnetinueSchofield b: -irep r Theonitor of Charleston continued. L Lad been -Tasman; Mat several 1 monitors t the iron-clad m ha	I	ca h	ti	we
1
	in a vin the ery	obstructions	Gl 1 b	itic	art.
	dangerons nds t	.	1 but M p: s t wq.h.t: -tly limn declared
Mat mere
foundation	the report.
	There	A	e
that	had de n nt a mutiny among the coloured an a	le r m troops in	t t Jackson. Tire FWeI Intel
abandoned th
s e Tulle aoule ntr,
	There	news of Im tre prtom isoners Tern	Generals Ranks an3-lrirny Smith were anabang„g prisoners
.
The Federal Congers hors voted 30.000,0,0 douaa for botmting. and advance pay to volunteers, and passed a vote agaioa su nu ttin6. OIe'.eenlhy of the CoelsonpBat dc' to the Supreme Comm.
The New York Herald has commenced a systematic attack upon President Lincoln, saying that his fatuity and imbecility, where his personal partialities are concerned, pass all belief, and that he is an amiable sort of man, but his works are too costly.
Mr. Secretary Stanton states in his report to President Lincoln, that up to midsummer last there had been issued to the Federal troops by the Wax Department since the present war began, 1,550,576 muskets and rifles for foot soldiers, 327,170 carbines and pistols for mounted troops, 271,817 sabres, 1,745,586 cannon balls and shells, 50,045,515 lb. of lead and lead bullets, 2,274,490 cartridges for artillery, 378,584,104 cartridges for small arms, 715,036,470 percussion-caps, 6,082,505 friction primers, 13,071,073 lb. of gunpowder, 1,680,220 sets of accoutrements for infantry, and 196,298 for cavalry.
General M'Clellan was adopted as a candidate at the next presidential election by a meeting of the Conservative Union National Committee, held at Philadelphia on the 23rd ult. Judge Campbell was nominated for the vice-presidency.
General Burnside is in New York, receiving much public attention. General Corcoran has been killed by a fall from his horse. The passport system for passengers leaving by American vessels
has been revived.
Federal wax-vessels have been stationed off the Narrows to overhaul vessels leaving New York.
The English barque Circassian has been seized at New York by the Provost Marshal, and many arrests, both male and female, have been made on board.
Ad-vices from fortress Monroe state that General Butler has issued an order for enrolling all ablebodied citizens, white and coloured, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five in his department.
At the ceremony of turning the first sod of the Atlantic and Pacific Railway, in Nebraska, Mr. Poppleton, of Omaha, citizen and promoter of the railway, thus addressed the assembly :—"Fellow-citizens of Omaha and Council Bluffs,—On the 13th day of October, 1854, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was set down by the Western Stage Company at yonder city of Council Bluffs. At the rising of the sun on the following morning I climbed to the summit of one of the bluffs which overlook that prosperous and enterprising town, and took one long and lingering look across the Missouri at the beautiful site on which now sits, in the full vigotu• of business, social and religious life, the youthful but thriving, and this day jubilant, city of Omaha. Early in the day I crossed the river, and along a narrow path, cut by some stalwart man through the tall, rank, prairie grass, I wended my way in search of the post-office. At length I found an old pioneer seated, apparently in solitary rumination, upon a piece of hewn timber, and inquired of him for the post-office. He replied that he was the postmaster, and would examine the office for my letters, Thereupon he removed from his bead a hat, to say the least of it, somewhat veteran in appearance, and drew from its cavernous depths the coveted letters. On that day the wolves and the Omahas were the almost undisputed lords of the soil, and the entire postal system of the city was conducted in the crown of this venerable hat ! To-day, at least 4000 radiant faces gladden our streets, and the postal service, sheltered by a costly edifice, strikes its Briarien arms towards the north, the south, the east, and the west, penetrating regions then unexplored and unknown, and bearing the symbols of values then hidden in the mountains and beneath the streams of which the world in its wildest vagaries had never dreamed."—Mr. Train took a prominent part in the celebration, making a speech in which he was unsparing in his abuse of England. The Republican, speaking of Mx. Train's appearance, says, " By special request of the ladies, Mr. T. mounted a buggy, threw off his overcoat, laid down his hat, rolled up his sleeves, and in another moment the steam was on, and he was under full headway."
The Governor of Texas had issued a message declaring that there can be no peace until the Southern Confederacy shall have been recognised.
A correspondence between Jefferson Davis and the Pope has been published. The two eminent personages are charmingly courteous to each other. Mr. Davis informs the Pope that the laws of the Southern Confederacy ensure to every one the enjoyment of his temporal rights and the free exercise of his religion. He presumes, no doubt, that the Pope has never heard of the negro population. Mr. Davis finally prays that Heaven may prolong the Pope's days, The Pope, in return, prays that the God of pity may shed upon Davis the light of His grace.
It is stated in the Richmond Enquirer that Jefferson Davis will soon make a decided change in the whole Government, and also in the army.
The substitute system has been abrogated in the Confederate Congress.
The steamer Vanderbilt has captured the barque Saxon off Cape Town, and the Angela Pequina on the West Coast of Africa. The schooner J. L. Gerity, which left Matamoras on Nov. 16 with a cargo of cotton and six passengers, was captured at sea by the passengers, who overpowered the captain and crew and set them adrift in an open boat. After two days they landed at Sisal.
CHINA.
According to the returns of the Government emigration
officers at Liverpool, for 1863, the emigration from that port, when compared with 1862, is greatly on the increase. The total number of steerage passengers sailing "under the Act" was 119,772, and of cabin passengers 3765 ; making a total of 123,537. Added to this there are the passengers carried out in the short ships, which number 14,445 ; making a grand total of 137,832. When compared with last year, there Is an increase of 76,668. The tide of emigration is principally accelerated by the enormous Irish emigration to America, which appears to increase daily. It is also a fact that the Irish emigrants are much better clothed than those whose homes have been in England or Scotland. This is attributed to the high pay now being given to labourers in the United States.
THE CONFEDERATES QUITTING BROWNSVILLE,
TEXAS.
TnE town of Brownsville lies on the Texan bank of the Rio Grand (or Rio Bravo) del Norte, about two miles from Matamoros, a tow of some note in Mexico, on the south side of the river. Al,houg built almost entirely of wood, Brownsville has a neat and brigh appearance. There was a considerable Confederate garrison at thi place ; but the inhabitants. having, on Monday, Nov. 2, 1863, receive information of the arrival of a fleet of Federal transports off Brazo Santiago, began immediately to evacuate the town ; and for tw days every means of transit across the Rio Grande was crowded t excess with goods, furniture, cotton, and baggage ; while upon bot banks were piled in confused heaps bedding, cotton bales, laggag( vehicles, and merchandise of every description. About three o'cloc p.m. on Tuesday, the 3rd ult., the military authorities retreated, afte burning the garrison buildings, the cotton, and all public stores the were not able to remove. On the 6th ult. the Federals, under coal mend of General Banks, took quiet possession of the place.
Our Engraving on the preceding page is from a photograph b; Mr. A. G. Wedge, of Matamoras.
CAPTURE AND RECAPTURE OF THE CHESAPEAKE.
THE Chesapeake, Captain Willet, screw-steamer, of 460 tone, one of a line of freight and passenger steamers sailing between New York and Portland, Maine, left New York on the 5th ult., on her regular trip to Portland. At one o'clock a.m. on the 6th ult., when about twenty miles N.N.E. of Cape Cod, she was seized by a party of Con-federates, who had taken passage on her for Portland. The second engineer, who was in charge of the engine at the time, was shot dead and his body thrown overboard. The first engineer was wounded by a ball in the chin, and was kept on board to work the engine. The first mate was also wounded, but not dangerously; and although several shots were fired at the captain he was fortunate enough to escape without even getting a wound. After the crew had been overpowered, the vessel was taken charge of by the Con-federates ; the captain, officers, and crew were placed in irons, and the passengers, some six or eight in number, on promising not to interfere, were allowed their liberty. The Confederates numbered sixteen persons, and were commanded by a Lieutenant Braine, reputed to hold a commission in the Confederate service. Among the passengers was a man belonging to St. John, N.B., who, on its being ascertained that he was acquainted with the navigation of the Bay of Fundy, was forced by Braine to act as pilot. On the night of the 8th ult. the Chesapeake arrived off Musquash Harbour, where she was boarded by a person, said to be a Confederate officer, who assumed the command of the steamer. A passing pilot-boat, " The Simonds," was hailed, the pilot was compelled to come on board, and the boat was taken in tow. The passengers, captain, officers, and crew of the Chesapeake were landed at this place, and arrived at St. John, New Brunswick, on the morning of the 9th ult. This incident forms the subject of our Illustration on the preceding page, from a sketch by Mr. Charles C. Ward, of St. John. The Chesapeake then steamed up to Partridge Island, at the mouth of the Harbour of St. John, where the man who had acted as pilot was landed, and the vessel sailed away.
The Chesapeake has been subsequently recaptured by the Federal steamer Ella Annie, in Sambre Harbour, Nova Scotia. The Chesapeake was taken to Halifax for judicial decision. No resistance was offered by the crew, all of whom, except three, escaped to the shore. The English authorities in Nova Scotia had forbidden the furnishing of coals to the Chesapeake by the people of that province ; they had ordered her detention wherever she appeared, and gave the information to the Federals which. led to her capture. It is also alleged that they have ordered the arrest of the men who seized her while going in her as passengers, holding them to have been guilty of piracy.
We learn by the last mail that the three pirates captured on board the Chesapeake were taken from the authorities by the mob whilst being landed at Halifax, and set free.
A GREAT WATERFALL.—A detachment of troops recently
wonting in the valley of the Snake or Lewis fork of the Columbia discovered waterfall which, it is said, ie entitled to the distinction of being called the rreatest in the world. The entire volume of Snake River pours over a sheer crecipice 198 ft. high, 38 ft. higher than Niagara. Snake River is fully as large a the Niagara, and the cascade is one solid sheet or body. The locality of this oomenee waterfall is near the point heretofore designated as the treat toahoue or Salmon Falls of that river, but they have always been enveloped in ;ystery. Almost a dozen years ago the writer passed along the Snake River sad. For two days we heard the roaring of these falls, but learned no more sepecting them than if they had been in the moon. It was said that there rere a series of falls and rapids, making a descent of 700 ft. in seven miles, ud the sound gave colour to the report. For hundreds of miles across the 'neat plain Snake River flows through a canon, with vertical walls hundreds feet high. It is only at long intervals that salient points are found by thick the river can be reached. The road crosses frem point to point of the ends, only approaching close to the river where there is a chance to descend )r water. From these facts very few, if any, of the tens of thousands of tiventurers that have crossed the plains have ever looked upon the great falls. the late discoverers report, beside the main cataract, many others of less night, varying from 20ft. to 50 ft, each, near by. Some day they will be sited by the tourist and pleasure-seeker, and looked upon as frequently and =milimly as Niagara is today ; and it will be admitted that, with the rupendous grandeur of their surroundings, they are an far beyond Niagara ;Niagara now excels the balance of the world.--2(e!e York World.
The Massachusetts` volunteers, under the Bounty Act just
published by 'the General Court, will be the best paid troops in the world. The amount of bounty and pay to be received for three years' service, by a soldier who has previously been in the army nine months or more, if he ham a family of not leas than three persons dependent on hie labour for support, t as follows :-United States' bounty, 402 dole. ; the Commonwealth's bounty; 325 dots. ; pay, 468 dots, ; rations, 324 dais. ; clothing, 126 dole. ;.aid to .family 432 dole.—total, 2077 dots, If, instead of 325 dole, in hand from the State, hi accepts the offer of 20 d'ols,.per month inoreaae,he will roOeic'e 445 dais. of pal more than the sum above,—New York Paper.
COLUMN FOR THE CURIOUS,
The History of Steam Navigation is yet to be written. New facts, or novel versions of old facts, are repeatedly turning up, so as to affect claims of priority. Last year three papers were read to the Manchester Literary and Philosophical Society-1, " On the Introduction of Steam Navigation;" 2 and 3, "Note on Two Events in the aistory,"	and there cropped 'up the following paragraph :
A STEAM-BOAT 7i 1788. In a letter from Dr. Franklin to Dr. Ingenhauz, dated Philadelphia, Oct. 24, 1788, the Doctor remarks:—" We have no philosophical news here at present, except that a boat moved by a steam-engine rows itself against tide in our river, and it is apprehended the construction may be so simplified and improved as to become generally useful."
In going• over the ground of the history, even practised writers are continually stumbling. The other day a reviewer, in the Times, 'referred to a statement that, "three centuries ago, Blasco de Garay attempted to propel a boat by steam in the harbour of Barcelona." To this a Correspondent has replied as follows
The evidence cited by the Spaniards for this assertion, often repeated, is a letter from Blasco himself, written in A.D. 1643.
By permission of the Queen of Spain, but after much hindrance, I was. enabled to inspect this letter, now preserved with the Archives at Simancas, .near Valladolid, and there is not one word about steam in the document. Blasco describes minutely a vessel propelled by paddles worked by 200 men.
The first well authenticated instance of a steam-boat actually used is found in the manuscript correspondence between Leibnitz and Papin, in the Royal Library at Hanover, where Papin relates his experiments with a model steam-boat, on. the River Fulda. in the year 1707. Next, in 1783, De Jouffroy in France and Fitch in America used steam-boats experimentally. The first practically successful steam-boat was worked in 1787 by Mr. Miller, of Dais ?Anton, in Scotland.
"A: 1	7	e,.e t	e.i l,n 14",• Q".,,,ol lln,-Fm, of
A'41FFRICA.
No movement has been made by any of the armies in Virginia di: the south-west, but the Confederate guerrillas were still active. Longstreet had removed to a position which he can fortify while he retains convenient means of retreat. The effect of this movement. will be, it is said, to necessitate the keeping of a large Federal army in East Tennessee.
It is said that the Confederate General Rossee had accomplished the ominous feat of making a complete circuit of General Meade's army.
General Grant is reported to have drawn up a new plan for the next campaign, and to have submitted it to the Government at Washington.
The bombardment of Charleston continued, with little result.
The Confederates had refused to negotiate with General Butler for an exchange of prisoners, on the ground that he had been "outlawed" by President Davis.
The Free States men have held a convention in New Orleans, in which negroes were admitted to seats and the convention was opened by a prayer from a coloured preacher.
The Federal Government have officially denied that they would never tolerate or recognise the Mexican monarchy.
The draught has been postponed till the middle of January.
The Governor of New York has r emoved the New York Police Commissioners, on the ground that t heir reports of the New York riots were sectarian and partisan.
Several more merchants of New York have been arrested for carrying on a contraband trade with the South.
The Most Rev. Dr. Hughes, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of New York, is dead.
The ironclad Dictator has been successfully launched at New York. Two of the men implicated in the seizure of the Chesapeake had been arrested at St. John, New Bru nswick, and had been brought before the police magistrate.
[mince of some electoral successes of the clerical 'party.	°	—
News comes from Batavia of the ubiquitous Alabama, On rv. 6 this daring cruiser, last from Cape Town, fell in with the Amanda, an nerican ship laden with sugar and hemp, took her, and burnt her. On the th she captured and burnt another American ship, the clipper Winged leer, also laden with hemp and sugar.;
troops.
AMERICA.
By the arrival of the North American we have news from New York to the afternoon of Jan. 9.
There had been some skirmishes and minor engagements in Western Virginia and in the neighbourhood of Winchester, and their result seems to have been generally advantageous to the Confederates. At-Chattanooga all was quiet, and General Joseph Johnstone was under.. stood to be actively reorganising the Confederate army in the neighbourhood of Dalton. An expedition sailed from New Orleans on the 80th ult., and although its destination was not positively known, it was supposed that the forces would at first proceed to Pensacola, and would ultimately operate against Mobile. On Christmas Day the Federals bombarded Charleston with great effect. The Confederates erected a battery on Stono River, and did considerable damage to-the gun-boat Marble Head. Two other gun-boats went to her assistance, drove the enemy from the battery, and captured it.
Everything shows the determination of the North to prose:ute the war to the utmost. President Lincoln and his Cabinet recommended Congress to offer liberal bounties to volunteers up to the end of February, as the suspension of bounties had almost stopped recruiting.. Mr. Wilson has consequently introduced a bill, offering bounties of 400 dols. to re-enlisting volunteers, 300 doll. to new volunteers, and 100 dole. to negro recruits. A resolution to the effect that 1,000,000 volunteers should be called out for ninety days, and should be placed under General Grant's command, had been referred for consideration to the Senate's Military Committee. The House of Representatives had passed a resolution declaring that any proposal for negotiation with the " rebels " should be immediately and unhesitatingly rejected. Mr. Lincoln has been nominated for re-election as President, and his reappointment has been urged in the House of Representatives. The ground alleged in the latter case was that his . election would ensure emancipation throughout the Union. In the same connection, the Governor of Maryland, in his message to the State Legislature, has urged that steps should be taken to push forward gradual emancipation in the State. A delegation of citizens had left Arkansas for Washington to arrange for their State re- - entering the Union.
Governor Seymour, in his message to the New York Legislature,. had recommended measures for the protection of the State banks against the new national banks, had denounced the draught as a - failure, and had declared that President Lincoln had assumed powers which subordinated the laws to military authority. The Governor declares that the country'can only be saved from ruin by the Administration adhering to its pledge to restore constitutional union. The - Republican press are incensed against the message. The New York Times declares that Governor Seymour's sympathies are with rebellion. - The New York Tribune denounces him as a traitorous and malignant enemy of his country.
Extensive shipments from New York to the South have come to light, and more arrests have been made.
A letter recently intercepted by the War Department disclosed the , fact that W. E. Hilton, a printer in New York, was engaged, under contract with the Southern Confederate Secretary of the Treasury, in furnishing notes, bonds, &c., to the South, and that he was about to - proceed to Richmond to superintend a printing and engraving establishment. Hilton was arrested and consigned to Fort Lafayette. . In his possession were found six million dollars in Confederate bonds - ready for signature.
Archbishop Hughes was buried in New York with great ceremony on the 7th inst. An immense concourse of people was present. The law courts and numerous places of business were closed.
Four negroes called at the Executive mansion, Washington, on New- - Year's Day, and were presented to Mr. Lincoln. This is the first - occurrence of the kind.
Signal stations, occupied by a small garrison, are to be established along the Mississippi for the protection of the navigation,. in accordance with a recommendation from President Lincoln and the - Secretary for War.
The Federals have constructed upwards of 5000 miles of military telegraph, and the Secretary for War states that in the course of last - year at least 1,200,000 telegrams were sent along these lines—abont 8300 a day.
The City of Baltimore was intercepted off Cape Race on the 2nd. The Nova Scotia Government has placed the steamer Chesapeake is the Admiralty Court.
',Mai Duke hasetoneeWOrth *:4VU0, MOW, OW, £15,WV, -X-iie,v'LV, ana Aro,wo.
A contract for the construction of a tunnel, extending tetra.
miles under Lake Michigan, at Chicago, for the purpose of anpp'ying the city with pure water, has been awarded ; the lowest bid for completieg the tunnel being 315,130 dollars. The contract is for a tnmel of five fee. internal diameter, . lined with brick. The tunnel is to be excavated thirty-five feet below the bed of the lake, and to have four feet of dip landwards. Strainers will be filed over the outlet to keep out the fish. The total area of the tunnel will ba nearly twenty square feet, an area amply large enough to furaish water corltiauously to a city five or six times the size of Chicago in the present day.
The Confederate cruiser Flor`.da is said to have completed
her repairs and alterations at Brest, and to be ready to put to see. Her recent trial-trip was most satisfactory, and she is reported to be in a high state of efficiency. Captain Maurice Richard, her new commander, has waited on the Vice-Admiral of the port and other local authorities to take official leave of them, and no doubt the Florida will sail shortly. The Rearsaete, Federal frigate, still me-ants guard outside the port of Brest, and a fight is locked' forward to with considerable certainty. Captain Richard expresso, himself confident of being able to give a good account of himself and his ship ,iced has, it is stated, written to the Federal commander that he is pre?aced to rant nn..,hat mith him n,,teirl. thn limits of Franeh ivat.Ar,.
,maccer wen terminacea.
An Irish American, named Feeny, is actively engaged in Galway in getting labourers for a railroad in the Federal States. He offers eight shillings a day and other advantages to his recruits on arriving at their " destination •" bnt where that may be is not very clear. He has had great success, and in two or three days enrolled five hundred men. He, has been arrested under the Foreign Enlistment Act, in Longhrea, on enepicion of enlisting for the Federal army,. but, as no proof could be had, he was acquitted.
Mr. Thomas Highat, a member of the firm of Messrs. Jones and Co., ship-chandlers, Liverpool, was charged before the stipendiary magistrate of that. borough, yesterday week, with an offence against the Foreign Enlistment Act. The specific charge against Mr. Highat was that he had been concerned in the enlistment of men for service on board the Confederate cruiser Georgia. The witnesses for the prosecution were four men who served for a short time on board that ship, but who are now employed at a weekly salary by a private detective, who seeme to be one of the Attaches of the 'Muted States Consulate at Liverpool. Mr. Highat was bound over in his own recognizances and two sureties to appear to answer any charge which may be preferred against him
ILLUSTRATION OF THE WAR IN
AMERICA.
ORR Special Artist in the South writes as follows concerning the accompanying Illustration :--" Herewith I send you a sketch of Fort Fisher, commanding the approach to Cape Fear River, the entrance to Wilmington, North Carolina. I was down there one night, and, as it is twenty-five miles from the town, it was impossible to get back that night, so I had to rough it in a casemate till morning. Asluck would have it, we discovered a blockade-running steamer, the Hansa, under our guns at dawn, and at the same time the Yankee blockaders also became aware of her presence and opened fire, thinking, as she had already got inside the bar (the line of white breakers just seaward of her), they would destroy her before she made the inlet. To get within range they had to expose themselves to the metal of the fort, which soon drove them oil, leaving the Hansa at liberty to make her way safely into the river. The distant point of laud is Cape Fear. Fort Fisher is one of the strongest coast defences I have seen, not excepting any of those at Charleston, that have hitherto held an entire iron-clad fleet at bay."
Last year there were exported to Europe from all parts of the 'Tutted Stet., ermpt ONllemio, 17IOS,SS2 barrels of dour, 10,:17.5: buhele of Rfest, 7,10G,46R bushels of coffidShelt binU of rye. la 1 B62 the exports were 2,370354 barrels of doer, 2x,30,1,094 brah^_s o: w, ed, 12,301,205 bushels et corn, and 010,740 bushels of tee.
AMERICA.
WAR INTELLIGENCE.
There is nothing important in the latest news from New York. Generals Lee, Johnston, and Longstreet were assiduously engaged in recruiting and reorganising the Confederate armies under their respective commands ; and General Longstreet was said to occupy a position within twenty miles of Knoxville. General Meade, in a. speech which he had made in Philadelphia, had declared that active operations would be recommenced in Virginia as soon as the weather and the season permitted.
The Times' comespondeut adds to the above intelligence that General Stuart, with 5000 Confederate cavalry, had again passed round General Meade on the night of the 14th inst. The object of this movement is believed to be to sever either the Alexandria and Orange or the Baltimore and Ohio Railways. The Federal authorities are said to be fully prepared to prevent material damage to either.
General Lee, under date of the 8th, announces the capture, in Hardy County, Virginia, of 300 Federals, 125 mules, and 123 cattle.
Telegrams from Fortress Monroe of the 13th reported the Federal gun-boat Iron Age aground, and under the Ere of Confederate batteries, at the entrance of Wilmington Harbour, on the 11th. Her destruction on that day, by being blown up, is subsequently announced by Confederate despatches to General Cooper. Twenty-four of her crew were captured.
Two blocks of buildings and several large warehouses are reported to have been destroy ed-in Charleston on the 20th by Gilimore's shells. The city was almost deserted by the military. The correspondent of the New York Tribune states that three new Confederate iron-clad vessels are visible in Charleston Harbour in a forward state of construction. It is expected that these and other Confederate ironelads will shortly make a sortie against the Federal squadron.
The Confederate General Magruder was reported to be concentrating a corps of 20,000 men in Central Texas, with the purpose of attacking and overwhelming the Federal troops lately landed on the bank of the Rio Grande and the neighbouring coast.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The New York Tin es has come out for the re-nomination of lire Lincoln to the presidency.
A memorandum on the plan and conduct of the war, dated Aug. 4, 1861, prepared, at the request of Mr. Lincoln, by General M'Olellan, has just been published. The predictions of the General in that document, which is evidently published at this time for electioneering pu_poses by the General's friends, seem to have been verified by subsequent events.
Smallpox is becoming so prevalent in Washington that the House of Representatives have adopted a resolution recommending the municipal authorities of that city and Georgetown to take measures to ensure the vaccination of the citizens, to prevent the further spread. of the disease.
Governor Parker, in his message to the New Jersey Legislature, delivered on the 12th inst., advocates the adoption of a conciliatory policy towards the South and the reconstruction of the Union upon its original basis, He asserts that the emancipation proclamation as the chief obstacle to the termination of the war and the return of the seceded States to the Union, and condemns the amnesty manifesto; but believes that these, together with many other of Mr. Lincoln's unconstitutional acts, will be annulled upon the change of Administration.
The Democratic members of Cong Tess, in a meeting held at Washington, had resolved that President Lincoln's amnesty proclamation was unconstitutional, and that the army and navy ought to be paid in specie or its equivalent.
Extensive frauds in the Custom House of New York, the Treasury Department of Washington, the Navy Yard, Brooklyn, and the public offices continue to be discovered. Mr. Fernando Wood pro-posed to appoint a Congressional Committee to investigate the ad-ministration of affairs in all the departments, as well as the charges against General Butler at New Orleans. The proposition was rejected by a vote of 76 to 63. A resolution to inquire into the frauds in the Custom House was, however, adopted.
The New York Legislature has passed a bill to enable soldiers in the field to vote.
A municipal report on the condition of the barracks on Broadway, near Astor House, has created much indignation. Sixty men, arrested for various military offences, were found confined in a room fifteen by twenty feet square. Many had been there for months, with no accommodation for sitting or lying down. The report states that they were covered with filth and treated worse than wild beasts, and that the existence of such a place was an outrage on humanity, bringing disgrace to a nation.
The Maryland Legislature have voted in favour of calliryg a convention to carry out emancipation.
The Judge of the Admiralty Court at Halifax had expressed an opinion that the capture of the Chesapeake was a piratical seizure, but had not delivered any judgment, nor ordered the restoration of the -ve=ssel to her owners.
The pirate passengers who lately captured the schooner Gerety, from Matamoros, for Havannah, took her into Honduras, and, after selling a portion of her cargo, escaped.
The American corvette St. Louis sailed from Lisbon on Monday to intercept an English barque with guns and stores for the Confederate cruiser Rappahannock.
