THE BLOCKADE-RUNNER

THIS steamer has been built, in the Clyde, for the purpose of run

t, tjo

he ckade of the ports ofVe Confederate States of America. The vessels most suitable to this hazardous employment are those of light draught and great speed. The building of such vessels has developed a large trade, particularly among the shipbuilders of the Clyde. The Lizzie was launched a few weeks ago, from the buildd of Messrs. Henderson, Coulborn, and Co., at Benfrew, near Glasgow. She had been built to the order of Mr. W. C. Deeley, of Liverpool. When completed, she took on board a select party for a short cruise down the Channel, to test her speed. The result of her performances was far beyond the expectations of her, builders and owners; it gave the utmost satisfaction to everyone on board. The speed throughout was twentytwo miles an hour, and that was maintained with the greatest ease. This speed is unprecedented in the experience of steam-navigation' no steamer of whatever size having maintained in open channel a speed equal to that of this little vessel. The principal dimensions of the Lizzie are: - Length, 280 ft.; breadth, 22 ft.; depth, 9 ft' about 300 tons gross tonnage. er engiiaea are on the builders' patent diagonal oscillating principle, and of 150-horse power, nominal. She has feathering paddle-wheels and vertical tubular boilers. The same

¥ builders have several steamers on the stocks, intended for the same ,trade, and all of them calculated for a high rate of speed. Our Engraving is from a drawing by Mr. Hugh Aird.
THE WAR IN AMERIOA.-NIGHT MARCH THROUGH BURNING- WOODS.

T Engraving on our front page is from a sketch by our Special Artist and Correspondent with the army of General Lee, in Virginia. Its subject is thus explained by a short extract from his letter:

', Stokes's division was one of those which were sent across the

James River to meet Grant on his approach to Petersburg. Its march
rmed the most picturesque scene I have ever witnessed. The wood ad caught lire in mans- places from shells thrown into them, and th right flames leapt up the tall trees, casting a ruddy glare upon th .ices of those careless warriors as they passed under the fir-branches inch were dropping flakes of fire. Now and then an old shell woul zplode in the undergrowth; but this was looked. upon as an enhvemn acideut, with which the men were rather pleased. The woods abon lottoni's Bridge are filled with dead Federals, whom their human ow mtmder, General Grant, has left unburied. Perhaps the burnm f the timber in which these corpses lie will save Richmond frox

pestilence they would otherwise create. For miles outside th

vorks of Richmond you meet with such fearful traces of the slaughter rhich the Federals suffered in their unsuccessful efforts to brea

;lwough the Confederate

To1YGR we did not attach nuich importance to the reports

which have reached us in reference to an alleged attempt on the part of certain gentlemen in America to prepare a basis for pacific negotiations, the mere hint that such a thing was possible afforded lively satisfaction in England. Possibly, the majority of Americans may hesitate to believe this, in the present state of the public mind in North and South; but hereafter, when peace shall have been made, justice will be done to the English by such of our Transatlantic friends as may consult the columns of this Journal, which we may fairly assume to represent the feelings of the best classes in this country. We have never ceased to deprecate the cruel internecine war, and we have all along urged. that it might be ended without detriment to the honour and character of the belligerents. The statement that Mr. Greeley, Mr. Saunders, and others were to meet at Niagara Falls and endeavour to devise some plan for terminating the fearful struggle was listened to with pleasure, even by those who did not believe that those envoys were precisely the persons best qualified to shape out a course of policy involving such enormous questions. The acceptance which the rumour met in America showed that peace was no longer among the impossibilities.

This "conference" has been as great a failure as another

which is fresh in the English mind.. The details are not of much consequence; but it would appear that the war party in the Worth is very desirous to discredit and repudiate the effort. It is sought to cast ridicule upon the scheme. We see no reason for this. It can never be ridiculous to try to stop the effusion of blood, to prevent men, from being slain by the hands of those who were but the other day their fellow citizens. And, so far as we are informed, there was nothing in the antecedents nor in the conduct of those who were concerned to justify scoff and, sneer. It is much to be regretted that the tone of the American press generally is below the great occasion that should. call the best pens into existence for the common good.. Personality, pcrsftege, swagger, are all easy enough; but the public "guide, philosopher, and friend" should spurn the 'weapons which the vulgar can use. We would bring no railing accusation against our American brethren of the press; but we cannot help feeling that they have not risen to the work before them, and have been too ready to be mere repeaters of the idle and violent talk of the masses. Many of them have yet to learn the grave responsibility attaching to those

Whose echoes roll from soul to soul, And live for ever and for ever.

Did the American press and the American pulpit assert them

selves more loftily, much would be done towards a pacification; and though we do not address these words to fanatics, we believe that there are numerous influential men in the churches and connected with the newspapers who will receive in the spirit in which it is offered this reminder of how much is in their hands.
In England an incident involving a failure often produces the most fortunate results. An inadequate effort in a given direction turns men's minds in that direction, if it can do no more; and at a happy juncture more able men step forth, adopt the principle, and carry it out with success. In Parliamentary matters this process is very frequently witnessed, and the failure of weak men brings forth the energies of the strong. It would be good news in the two worlds did we hear that the end of the Niagara conference was but the beginning of a congress with better prospects. What should now prevent it? It is the custom to answer all British suggestions with the somewhat supercilious remark that we "do not understand America." This is an idle phrase. What is there in America or in American affairs that an active, liberty-loving, practical people, akin to Americans, speaking their language and reading their literature, should not be able to comprehend. And when that comprehension is quickened by an earnest desire for the welfare of the West, we must really be allowed to characterise the allegation of nonunderstanding as a conventional impertinence. There is nearly as much ignorance among our uninformed classes upon foreign affairs as there is among the same class over the water; but we have failed to perceive any mystery which cannot be solved by those who are honestly desirous to discover the truth, We believe that our journalists understand. American matters as well as the journalists of America; and we are sure-we say it without vaunt-that those matters are more gravely and befittingly discussed here than there. The real reason why we are charged with a want of comprehension of the ease lies in the fact that there is a strong disposition in the West to go on blindly and take the chances-a state of mind, of course, which indisposes most persona to make or to receive definite logic. Fight first and talk afterwards, is a maxim which has its occasional value; but, in the present circumstances of America, the rule may be deemed unworthy of toleration. Let us see whether it is not the turn of talk, and whether the fighting may not be dispensed with.

One thing is abundantly clear. The question of peace or war is in the hands of the North. The South asks to be let alone. In this fact surely the haughty Northerners may find an ample homage to their pride. It is for them to say whether the sword shall be sheathed or not. They are the arbiters of the situation. This they are bound to consider. Then comes the question of
honour; and although the Federals affect to be too philosophical to admit that this consideration is at the bottom of the war, and though taey pretend to rest the strulo upon certain principles, we firmly believe that they have too much of the Anglo-Saxon in them to pannit thex to forget the idea of national honour. They would like victory because it is victory, and they need not eudeay0 to be better or wiser than their Old-World forefathers. Bat tli3re are such things as reason and moderation. There is such uthisigas knowing how to accept a situation with honour and good gracc We have had to do so occasionally, and never more uotnhly than when George III. recognised the independence of certain provinces. The nation would have liked to subjugate tliosa provinces, but it was evident that- Destiny had ordajaud. matters another way. Therefore we consoled ourselves, as txn Northerners may well do, with the recollection that w had. done, not our utmost, but more than enough for our character and we smote hands with these who thenceforth became our friends, and whose friendship we ore not ashamed (even amid. certain foolish taunts and mona ccs) to say that we have ever valued. What need prevent the Northern States from followjug the example of England? Will they place their point of honour higher than we do? Surely, what England has done the North may do without shame I

If the best class in America would rise to the work-would put down the war party, who will protract the strife while there is a dollar to be gained by the war, and will take the matter into their own hands, beginning at the basis of satisfied we do not see why we should not, ere long, receive news of a. new conference, and, instead of such disappointing tidings as have just arrived, we should not learn with hearty satisftjo that North and South had arranged a peace. May we soon have to record such a consummation.
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

QUEEN'S Speeches are always held to be the most empty of all

iuman productions. There is generally little to ha said, and he many authors of these pieces are greatly troublcrl in finding oat the most grammatical way of "how not to say it." This year they

ave succeeded, if not perfectly in accordance with syntax, to a marvel. hithing could be more empty than the little political exercise which we heard at the end of last week. It failed to call forth even one 'emark from our French friends. Denmark and her troubles are dismissed in a sentence, and the great war in America, which ins as yet produced the largest crop of troubles both in this country and across the Atlantic, fates no better. The "scare" in &eshington and New York seems, however, to have prodnoed a better state of mind in the North; and the' difficulties of Mr. !essenden, the unwillingness of the merchants to come forward with a new loan, the evident reluctance of the Northern citizens to recruit a wasted and an exhausted army, and the rnmoured resignation of Mr. Stanton, are items which, combined, give us some faint hopes of a not very distant peace. Mr. Horace Greeley and the Peace Democrats will, it seems, soon supersede the War Christians; and even Mr. Bennett's organ, the Yew York Herald, writes of the war as hopelessly as our newspapers have any time these two years. The North in slowly but surely making up its mind to let the" wayward sisters go in peace

and the wayward sisters have only to hold their own a little longer, to defeat Grant and put an end to the last attempt to take Iticlunorol, and to wait the sure revilsion of public feeling, to obtain their owe terms. It is bnt fair to say, that the Northern organs of tin English press show a firmness and faith in the great Ropuijlic which its own papers do not exhibit ; and we constantly see placards if 'Federal successes today which either fade away iran nothing, or, C -t those brilliant sunny landscapes in a magic lantern, 'ot twIg

to all the gloom an honor of disaster and defet
On tie Thursday a remarkable occurrence took piaceTwas in

the afternoon, end there were certainly not more than ten or twelve

members present, and the Government was represented only by Mr. Layard, when Lord Edward Howard, who had placed on the paper a motion, very modest in its terms, with regard to emigration to America, rose, and in that simple but earnest manner which belongs to him, and which gives every one who hears him the impression that they are listening to an honest man of kindly feelings and warm sympathies delivered a statement of facts the relation of which kept the small audience present, as it would have kept a larger one, enchained for the whole time he was speaking. His disclosure of the system of kidnapping Englishmen and Irishmen as recruits for the Federal army, and his irresistible statements of the disappointments and sufferings of emigrants who, escaping the perilous devices of crimps who have learnt their business in the school of the slave-trade. attempt to utilise their labour in what they believe to be a new and more favourable field than their own country affords them, struck so much conviction into the minds of those that heard this Parliamentary speech, that Mr. Layard declared that the best remedy for the evil would he the dissemination of that address amongst those whom it most concerned; and Mr. Ferrand, in his impulsive way, asked if the Government would not print and circulate it in the forr of a pamphlet. Lord Edward himself made an earnest appeal to th agents of the "ordinary channels of information" to present him t the public in the most unquestionable shape that their ,at could mould For the first time, perhaps, in the annals of Parliament the Reporters Gallery was directly addressed the Speaker being for the time ignored

Her Majesty deeply laments that the civil war in North America hts not been brought to a close. Her Majesty will continue to observe a strict neutrality between the belligerents, and would rejoice at a friend] y reconciliation between the contending parties.
Fra8er contama one paper of singular beauty and interest-those miniscences of Thnerson and his socM circle-which we can hardly in attributing to Kr. K. D. Qonway. It is a charming picture of
a society perfectly frank ptun,, and unaffected; of a friendly intimAcy based on community of sympathies and untroubled by those etched jealousies ordinarily o fatal to the peace of philosophic and hthmry coteries. It seemed from the first -happy omen that -the ceidre of New England thought should be located at Concord, and tIi'r nrc many not merely fanciful advantages in the spot which is as yet America's nearest approximation to the groves of the Academy. kieoluded amid woods and -lakes, Emerson's friends enjoy, whatever advantages flow from intercourse with Nature, while Boston is near eiiough for the collision of new ideas and the stimulus of the busy world. We am indebted to- Ifr. Conway for some delightful ketehesof Emerson- oat-ing in' his ;s]Wf oil Lake Walden' of the negroes

r'lconilxig Theodore Paa*es with grateful tears as be passed amid

their poor dwellings in Boston; of Hawthorne escaped from the party

nasambled to do him honour to a remote room, and there discovered

reling Defoe's "Ghost Stories;" of Alcott startling Agnasis with the tticy that tigers and snakes were created by man "before be

in his

reaent fni'ni
-

According to the monthly emigration returns from Liver iool,

which were completed on Monday by the Government emigration olilcials at that port, it appears that though the emigration from the Mersey has not been eo brisk as in previous months, yet the exodus still continues cteody, and the majority of the emigrants, as usual, are Irish. During the mouth just ended there sailed twenty ships to the United States" under the Act." These vessels carried out 71110 steerage and 207 cabin passengers. The natiouaity of the steerage passengers is as follows:-1027 English, 4333 Irish, 239 Fioelch5 and 011 foreigners. To Canada there sailed four ships, with 421 steerage and 95 cabin passengers, of wham 235 were English, 04 Irish, and 122 foreigners were in the steerage. To Victoria there were two ships, with 7115 stecrago and 8 cabin passengers, of whom 239 were English, 408 Irish, 53 Scotch, and 55 foreigners. To Queensland there sailed only one ship, with 441 steerage and 1 cabin passengers. Of this number 132 were English, 210 Irish, and 101 Scotch. Apart from the emigration from the heresy, wo understand the emigration from the Irish parts direct to the westward continues to to cansmona, and this fact will no doubt account for the appasont duluess at the emigration offices; in Liverpool. Of', then ships," or vessels not sailing un"lcr Government supervision, there sailed to the United States eight ships, with 500 passengers; to Canada two ships and II passengers; to New Brunswick, one ship and 5 passengers; to New South Wales, one ship. with 34 passengers; to Victoria, one ship, with 32 passengers; to the West Indies, four ships and io passengers; to South America, two ships and 54 passengers; and to Africa, one ship and 25 passengers-ms]dng a total of twenty ships acid 714 passengers.
LI m gration of unknown amount would mc4ify the effect of emigyrition;

m ra bth

m g but the return of the Emigration Commissioners show that nearly 20,000

' " e ro'

U7~

persons of English origin lefttheir native shoresfor distantsettlernelits in the

s er

quarter that ended on the 30th of June. Out of that number nearly 12,00 went to the United States, and 6000 to the Australian colonies, 'The number of emigrants of all nationalities was 86,783, of whom about 06,000, chiefly Irish, were bound to the United States. The emigration to thRt part of America has not been so great in the June quarter since 1854. Almost nine

et .

of tj

f the Irish emigrants loft for the United States.
AMERICA.

By the Damascus we have intelligence from New York to the-30th

nit., at which time Sherman had not captured Atlanta, though he was reported to be drawing his lines more closely round the city. We are now told that the battle which commenced on the 21st nit. bad been continued on the 22nd, but that General Sherman had repulsed all the attacks made by the Confederates, whose loss was estimated by their enemies at 7000 men, while the Federals were alleged not to have lost more than 2500 men. The dead of the two armies were buried during a truce on the 23rd; and a Washington despatch states that fighting had not been renewed up to the morning of the 25th. The Confederate commander, General Hood, alleges that the battle of the 22nd resulted inavictory for the Confederates who on that day captured twentytwo guns and 2000 prisoners. The Fedexa1 forces on the side of Decatur have also been routed by Wheeler's cavalry, with the lose of their camp; and General Hardee is operating on Sherman's rear. Rousseau, who was recently detached with a strong body of cavalry to cut o the Southern communication with Atlanta, has rejoined Sherman, after destroying about thirty miles of the Moatgouaerl Railway.

A demonstration was made by General Lee on the 26th nit. against General Butler's position at Bermuda Hundred. General (grant. dispatched a large force to the north bank of the James River; and here troops drove the Confederates from their breastworks and captured four guns; but fighting continued, according to New York accounts of the 29th ult. A New York despatch, dated the evening 1 the 30th ult., states that General Grant had moved two corps to lie north of the James River, was intrenched in a position ten miles rom Richmond, and was reported to have abandoned the siege of ?etersburg, and to intend demonstrating against Fort Darling.

In the Shenandoah Valley, the confederates who retreated from

(aryland, under General Early, suddenly turned, and defeated part

f General Hunter's troops, under the command of Generals Crook

nd Averill, on the 23rd and 24th nit., in the neighbourhood of

Vinchester. The Federals retreated to Harper's Ferry, and the ursning Confederates occupied Martinsburg and busied themselves i destroying the Baltimore and Ohio Railway. By the latest ccounts we hear that the Confederates have renewed their invasion f Pennsylvania, a large body of their cavalry having entered Chain ersbarg on the morning of the 30th nit.; and Mosby's guerrillas ere near Edward's Ferry, in Maryland. The Governor of Penn.Y1 ania had issued a proclamation declaring that the invading force ras larger than he expected, aad that arias would be furnished 0
the citizens for the defence of Harrisburg, the State capita]. All the

aegrees in Baltimore bad, it as stated, been armed by the Federal *tathorities.

¥Becrettuy Fessenden has opened a subscription for a loan of 200,000,000 dols. in Treasury notes, bearing 7 Btenths per cent interest in "greenbacks," and convertible at the end of three years into bonds bearing-six per cent interest, payable in gold.

Gold at New York on July 80 was 255.

A hcard of naval officers had decided that the men rescued from the Alabama by the Deerhound were prisoners of war, and the

Washington Government had approved the decision

LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The following telegram has been received through Mx. Beater's ifice

AMraIcL-]ew York, Aug. 1.-On the 80th nit. General rant blew up a Confederate fort at Petersburg. He then assaulted and carried a line of Confederate intrenohinenta. An entire regiment as destroyed, together with the fort. The battle was still pro. ressing on Saturday at noon.
a. pcund, and of sheep dying fo As usual many of

the accounts of the drought havii exaggerated, and in the north and south sosterst parts of England it may be said to be at an end. The Earvest will be an average good one. The droughts we find from letters and advices, has extended not only through Europe but to India and also to America, except, perhaps, to that celebrated Shenandoah Valley, the produce of which the ()onfederates have so kindly reaped £ r theFederals. But if the crop of wheat in that quarter is not good, the crop of troubles springs up finely. Mr. Fessenden appeals from the bankers to the people themselves for a loan to pay the arrears of the army. Mr. Vallsndighani, "with several thousand others," is, we are told, concurring measures for establishing a North-Western confederaand, which touches its more nearly, a court of naval officers of the iort?hern Statˆ have, after due deliberation, decided that Captain Smmes and the crew rescued by the Deerhound are prisoners of war, and, we presuni, as such must be delivered by Great Britain to the United States. Ilsre,theii, is a very pretty little bone for Tohn Bull and Uncle m to amuse themselves in picking
CURRENT LITERATURE.

Cruise of the Alabama and Sumter. (2 vols. Saunders, Otley, and Co.) The name of Captain Semmes, first of the Sumter, afterwards of the Alabama, has gone forth into all lands wherever printed news can penetrate or the truinet-tongue of fame is heard. Henceforth the name of Semmes is historic, and "290" is a charmed number. Sympathizers with Confederates and sympathizers with Federals were equally moved with wonder and admiration as they read first how the Sumter, end then how the Alabama, defying and eluding pursuit, suddenly pounced upon their prey. It seemed that a second Paul Jones had arisen; the story of the "Phantom Ship" seemed to be realised. The Federal cruisers were as much at a loss "as if they dodged a watersprite," and their commanders must often have cursed in their hearts the laws relating to 'the marine league" and to "the twenty-four hours' start," which gave their active and audacious foe so many chances of evading capture or destruction. But neither Sumter nor Alabama was to go on for ever causing joy to friends and despair to enemies. A day came when the Sumter was "laid up," and a fatal Sunday morning dawned upon which Captain Semmes, in the opinion of some people, lost his head and fought the Kearearge, and the Alabama sank stem foremost in the waters of Cherbourg. The adventures of the two far-famed vessels are now recounted in two volumes, the contents of which are compiled "from the private journals and other papers of Commander B. Semmes, C.S.N., and other officers." The account, no doubt, will be eagerly perused; but the lovers of excitement, the revellers in naval battle

 and the admirers of "fire-eating" will find very little to entertain them. The only fight (except that fatal one off Cherbourg) in which Captain Semmes was engaged was one off the coast of Texas, when he, with a superior weight of metal, sunk the U.S. gon-boat Hatteras. For the rest, it is a story of eluding stronger vessels, of weathering storms of capturing and destroying defenceless ships, of disputing about the laws of neutrality, and of quelling mutinies. That there should have been mutiny is not surprising when Captain Semmes

says of the Alabama's crew:-"Many of my fellows, no doubt,

thought they were shipping in a sort of privateer, where they would have a jolly good time and plenty of license. They have been woefully disappointed, for I have jerked then down with a strong hand7 and now, have a well-disciplined ship-of-war. Punishment invariably follows immediately on the heels of the offence. It has taken me three or four months to accomplish this; but when it is considered that my little kingdom consisted of one hundred and ten of, the most reckless from the

gro geries of Idverpool, this is not much." Joining the last few words

U Captain Semmes's remark, "The modern sailor has greatly changed in character; he now stickles for pay like a sharper, and seems to have lost his recklessness and love of adventure "(vol. i., p. 296) ; and with the notorious fact that the majority of the Alabama's crew were Englishmen, one is inclined to think that '1 hatred to the flag of the old Union "(vol. ii., p. 295) was not likely to have been amongst "their chief active passions," and that the only union they were particularly anxious to keep out of is that which is synonymous with workhouse. That they were attached to their captain there is no doubt, and that they fought gallantly is equally certain; but their antecedents make it more probable that they fought on 11 Harry Smith of the Wynd's" principle than on any ether; and, though "one who was hailed from the Kearsarge with the offer of a rescue declined it civilly and made his way for the neutral flag" (vol. 0., p. 204), it is more likely that his conduct was prompted by fear of being made a prisoner than by a chivalrous "detestation of the Yankee." Of course, all sorts of excuses are made for the defeat of the Alabama; for even at billiards the defeated player discovers something in his cue, or the table, or the pockets which was peculiarly unfavourable to him, and fully accounts for his failure; but it is clear that if Captain Semmes was aware of the disadvantages under which he would fight-and he must have known most of them - he ought to have de-

 clined the engagement. Besides, it is not very magnanimous to

quote Captain Winslow's statements (vol ii., p. 291) when they are favourable to the Alabama and to doubt them (p. 279 et seq.) when they are not. We read, also, "a year previous to this meeting the Kearsarge had laid (sic) at anchor close under the critical eye of Captain Semmes. He had on that occasion seen that his enemy was not artificially defended." It appears, then, that the Kearsarge was quite willing under these circumstances to fight the Alabama; and as she had been "constantly in pursuit," it seems very unlikely that Captain Winslow should have had either inclination or time for getting "iron-clad." it is not pleasant to read paltry excuses for the misfortune of a gallant gentleman. Captain Semmes fought and lest, and there is an sad of it. Insinuations against the truthfulness, f airness, and humanity of his enemy cannot mend the matter a dignified silence would have been more becoming. Captain Semmes has done wonderful damage to his enemies and has been of wonderful assistance to his cause; it is only to be regretted that his exploits were not as glorious as they were numerous. His province was to cripple his enemy's commerce, and he did it to a miracle; and if it makes the philusupher almost weep to think that so much produce of human labour-au much subsistence for human beings-should have been ruthlessly sunk in the batten sea, Captain Semines is ready yith a justification.
The onstom-house authorities at San Francisco discovered a

Chinese trick, which led to the seizure of another 1¡t of smuggled opium. Among the cargo of the berqtie Ceree were 400 tubs, invoiced as eggs, value stated at 1 do). each. The eggs were varnished to preserve them. One of the officers, in examining the eggs, scraped off a little varnish and disclosed a metallic case, egg-shaped, filed with opium. Each egg is worth 800 dole.
The Government Emigration Commissioners have issued a

notice, as follows warning emigrants to the United States against the traps laid for them by Federal crimps:-" Information for emigrants to the United States.-On arrival at New York you will be landed with your luggage at Castle Garden, where you will obtain, free of charge, good accommodation and instructions as to the beat mode of reaching your destination. This establishment is under the supervision of the Commissioners of Emigration for the State of New York (ma of whom is the president of the Irish Emigration Society), and affords every facility for obtaining inland pasaags-tickets by railroad and steam-boats to all parts of the United States and Canada. Be cautious in buying in this country, or on board ship, 'Inland peaaagetickets' for travelling in the United States, as you may dud them useless on your arrival in America. You will obtain them cheaper, and run no risk of imposition, by getting them at Castle Garden, New York. Do not trust to strangers, whose abject in offering you assistance is either to entrap you into anliotening, or to gain jour confidence for the purpose of defrauding you of

yMon . ef Do not apt invitations from strangers to drink, and be our allyi U1 not to get drunk, or in any way to loss control over your own actions. Be very cautious as to the engagements you enter into for work. Itsmanber that an American dollar is nominally equal to 4s. Sd. English Money, and a cent is one halfpenny, but that under the present aircometances of the country they will not buy more than one third as much of the necessaries of life as they would formerly buy. By order of her lfajesty'e Emigration Commissioners, S. WMCOfl.-Goverument Emigration Board, 8, Park-street, Westminster, August, 1864."
Mr. Antrobus, Third Secretary to her Majesty's Embassy at

Paris, lisa been appointed a Second Secretary of Legation at Washington. Mr. Sirkpatiick, Third Secretary at Copenhagen, has been appointed a Third Secretary at Washington. Mr. Gosling, Third Secretary of Legation, has been isfecrnl from Stockholm to Copexthaen. Mr. R. C. Isi. Stevens, Vice. Consul at Constantinople, has been appointed Consul at Jeddah. The office, lately held by Mr. Stevens will be abolished-The Queen approved of Mr. C. Daniel as Consul at Port Louis, Island of Mauritius, for the King of the Belgians; and Mr. Nicholas L. uniphrey 58 Consul at Trinidad for the United States of America.
AMERICA-NORTH AND SOUTH.

INTo that spirit of partisanship which has characterised mdividualfeeling in this country in reference to the contest waging between the hostile States of America we have never been able to enter. In the reasons given for warmly espousing either cause we have not found enough to justify their entire adoption. It has always seemed to us a fallacy to assert that the North is contending purely for the abolition of slavery, or that the South is battling merely for liberty. It would be much nearer the truth if it were laid down that both are struggling for political ascendancy, while the South is, besides, fighting for what has always been held to be property. Something may be set down, also, for difference of race, always an important element of animosity between belligerents. But what we have

ever contended for, in dealing with the American question as it exists, hasbeen strict impartiality, not only of action but of opinion, on the part of this country ; a rigid noninterference, moral as well as physical, and a public feeling expressive only of earnest hope of a speedy cessation of a civil war unparalleled in its magnitude and terrible in its accessories. Holding these views, we conceive that we are entitled to review the position of both parties as it stood when the latest intelligence left America, and. to draw deductions from that examination, without laying ourselves open to any suspicion of partiality or bias. Our first, indeed our only, wish is that the war was over; and it is mainly with reference to the realisation of that 'wish that we from time to time consider the relative situation of the armies opposed to each other and dwell on the details of these battles

which are periodically fought with a curious similarity of circumstance and result.

Although operations are being conducted in several outlying districts, principally in the South, and we hear of movements of army corps here and there, since the siege of Charleston has practically ceased the chief interest has been concentrated on that small space which lies between Washington. and. Richmond. The country between, the Potomac and the Rappahannock has become as familiar to the mind's eye of the English public as the space between St. Paul's and South Kensington is to the real vision of the general metropolitan population. Under whatever General-

¥ M'Clellan, Booker, Burneide, 'Meade, or Grant-the ground traversed by the Federals has been nearly the same, and. the object
