ILN-V.42 Illustrations (29)

    Title Page

p. 28-The Civil War in America:  Claiming Exemption from the Draught in New York.-See page 30.

p. 29-The Civil War in America:  Advance of the Federals towards Lee Town, Jefferson County, Virginia-Stuart's Flying Artillery Coming into Action.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  The Civil War in America:  Retreat of the Federals from Jefferson County after Their Unsuccessful Attempt to Reach Winchester.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See next page.  (Full Page)

p. 30-Confederate Flag.

pp. 40-41-The Civil War in America.:  Positions of the Federal and the Confederate Pickets on the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg Dec. 4, 1862.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 44.  (Double-Page Spread, Top)  and   Night Amusements in the Confederate Camp.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 44. (p. 40, Bottom)  and  Fredericksburg, Virginia, Scene of the Recent Battle between the Federals and the Confederates.-See page 44.  (p. 41, Bottom)  (Double-Page Spread)

p. 44-The Civil War in America:  General Longstreet's Corps (Confederates) Crossing the Blue Ridge from the Shenandoah to the Rappahannock, Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 80-The Battle-Field of Fredericksburg.

p. 84-Tammany Hotel, New York (About to Be Pulled Down), the Head-Quarters of the Democratic Party.

p. 116-The Civil War in America.:  The Bombardment of Fredericksburg, Virginia, by the Federals, on Dec. 11.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Full Page)

p. 117-The Battle of Fredericksburg:  Assault of the Federals on Marye's Hill and the Battery of the Washington Artillery.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See Supplement, page 126.  (Full Page)

p. 185-The Civil War in America:  General Lee, Commander of the Confederate Army in Northern Virginia.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  The Civil War in America:  General "Stonewall" Jackson.  From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 192-Major-General J. E. B. Stuart, Commanding Cavalry of the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia.

pp. 220-221-The Entrance to Charleston Harbour, with its Defences.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist at Charleston.-See Supplement, page 230.  (Double-Page Spread, Top Half)

p. 229-The Civil War in America:  Unsuccessful Attempt of the Army of the Potomac to Cross the Rappahannock on the 20th of January Last.-See next page.

p. 365-The War in America:  Attack on the Blockading Squadron off Charleston by Iron-Clad Gun-Boats.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 372.

pp. 372-373-a.  The War in America:  Charleston, from Fort Johnson.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Double-Page Spread, Top)  and b.  The War in America:  The Defences of Charleston, Looking Seaward.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Double-Page Spread, Bottom)

p. 401-The War in America:  Arrival of a Federal Steamer with Flag of Truce at Madisonville, Lake Portchartrain [sic].-See next page.

p. 420-The Alabama at Port Royal, Jamaica.

p. 432-The War in America: The Town and Fortifications of Savannah.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 433-The War in America:  Negroes at Work on the Fortifications at Savannah-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  The War in America:  Attack by Federal Gun-Boats on Fort M'Allister, Ogeechee River, near Savannah.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (Full Page)

p. 472-The U.S. Gun-Boat Weehawken, One of the Ironclads Engaged in the Bombardment of Charleston.

p. 517-The Iron-Clad Frigate New Ironsides and Two Ericsson Batteries Going into Action at Charleston.-See page 523.

pp. 532-533-The Civil War in America:  Attack by the Federal Ironclads on the Harbour Defences of Charleston, Three P.M. of the 7th of April.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.    (Double-Page Spread, Top)  and  The Civil War in America:  Confederates Sinking Torpedoes by Moonlight in the Harbour Channel, Charleston.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  (p. 532, Bottom)  and  The Civil War in America:  The Federal Ironclad Keokuk as She Appeared on the Morning after the Fight.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.-See page 542.  (p. 533, Bottom)

p. 552-a.  Domestic Life in South Carolina.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.  and  b.  Planter's Residence on the Cumbee River, South Carolina.-From a Sketch by Our Special Artist.

p. 593-The War in America:  Warrenton, Virginia.-See page 598.

p. 605-The War in America:  Scene at Fort Moultrie during the Bombardment of Charleston.-See next page.

p. 649-The Civil War in America:  Repairing Damages in the Casemates of Fort Sumter on the Night of the Attack.-See page 653.

p. 689-Map of the Seat of War in Virginia.-See page 702.    




1


3


