e Cafederstee bold all the pasesa of Booth Mountain. They are also in

aio,e aaimlty to Osrilale, but have not yet occupied the place. The Federal

General smIth commands the dofences at the Buaquehannab. Colonel Pierce repersedes General mum at =72u= neral Dana u,mcommands the defenees of Philadelphia. The saya that two claye ago half ileneral Lee's army was in Maryland and Pennsylvania; the other half, immeately under the eye of Lee, was thirty miles south of the Potomac, in the Shenandoah Valley. General Lee's whole army may be described, in a military sense, as being in the same valley extending thirty miles from Wthobeter to the Potomac, end thence Ety miles northward to Cibaniberaburg. The New York Feraki does not anticipate a collision between Generals Lee and Booker for several days, and esys-" It Is probable that the first erlovs hoetlMt$es will take place at Harper's Ferry, for that point, with Lee's advance beyond the Potomac, Is essential to Lee's conrutulication with the thenandoah Valley and Bkbmond. Lee's siege trains will, therefore, probably be first used against the Maryland Heights, in conjunction with an assault by the reserved cólunin of General Longaireet."

GENERAL WAR NEWS.

Vickeburg still defies the attempts of General Grant, and the Confede-rates 4ve entire osseesion of Milliken's Bend, above the city. Tele

grams published no the Ricmond1)epatc1& state that a desperate fight

took place at Port Hudson on the 12th ult. The Confederates left their

frtiflcations, charged upon the Federals, drove them from their in

trenchments, and spiked their siege guns. Northern deepatchee add - that General Banks ordered an assault on the place to daylight on the 14th, and at eleven o'clock on the same morning retreated to his rntnnnmnts, having been disastrously repulsed at all points, with the kiss of 700 to 1000 men., [Tins attack is fully described in another. cohimaL) It was supposed that another assault would be made on the 17th ult., Colonel Dudley basing volunteered to lead a storming column of 4000 picked men. The Confederates were reported to be concentrating in General Banks's r to prevent his retreat to Baton Rouge. General Johnston continues to accumulate troops on the eastern side of the Big Black River, and, according to the latest accounts, some skirmishing had taken place between the Confederate cavalry and the outposts of the Federal array at the bridge by which this river is crossed by the Vie±sburg and Jackson Railway.

 A body of negro troops under Colonel Montgomery has pillaged and burned the town of Darien, in Georgia; and a body of 1000 Texans has been repulsed at Lake Providence by negro troops.

Confederate General Jackson commands the depastment of East Tennessee, and has under him General Pegrani, with 8000 to 10,000 men, which, together with the force in the Cumberland Gap region, is expected to move into -Kentueby. Colonel Saunders, recently sent by General Burneide upon a bridge-burning expedition into :Rastern Tennessee, returned tO Boston, Kentucky, on the 23rd- He reports that be destroyed three important bridges on the East Tennessee and Virginia Railway and great quantities of stores; also, that he captured

00 prisoners, three pieces of artillery, 200 cases of ammunition, and loooeteiaofemanarms.

Richmond is defended by the corps of D. H. KIll, 21,000 strong, on the south side; by MajorGeneral French on the neth, or near the city, with about 17,000 men; while the heavy brigade, under General Wise, is on the York River Railroad. General Come, with two brigades, occupies Hanover Junction, assisted by 8&00 mounted Texans taken prisoners at Arkansas Port and exchanged. This force is to be drawn close around and concentrated near the capital in case the Federal army should advance.

The Confederates have lost two of their ironclads, one was captured by the Federals at Savannah, and the other blow up in the Apaiachicola River. Several steamers had been sunk by the blockading squadron at Charleston, and it i announced that hereafter the squadron will sink 3l blockade runners. Sixteen Mobile adventurers have captured the Federal steamer Boston at the mouth of the Mississippi, after. weeds burning two bsrquea, and taking the steamer into Mobile. The Confederate Iron-clad steamer Atlanta, formerly the Funky, steamed out of Savannah and was captured by two Federal ironclads, after thirty minutes' fighting. The Confederate cruisers ars growing more daring. &t the mouth of the Bay of Finely, and in thai neighbourhood, they had destroyed nasiemes Federal recoels. Admiral Dahigren will snoneed Admiral Dupont- in the command of the South Atlantic squadron. Mr. Vallondigham has ran the blockade in a vt'1 bound to Nassau.

 - THTB LAST ASSAULT ON PORT HUDSON.

The Correspondent of the New York HnvrM writing from Port

Hudson, June 17, gives a long account of Banks's assault on Sunday,

the 14th, which proved wry disastrous to the ast.aekbsg force.

TEE  L r'oszrtose.

Since the prerloce aessalt the position had been seeseuhat okaoge& We now have no centre, but only z: ight aisd left, which, jedned tagrilmr forms nearly a right angie, completelinclosing tire relnl atrengbcfdoa Is east. bank of the river. General Groer's division Is now on the ripper cid of Port Hudson, extending a distance of nearly four miles from the river to the Interior, to a point within sspprting distance of General Anger's dlvkieo. which Ia on the west side of the rebel fcsuflostkma, and extends a disiasee o

about three miles In the dlreutkm of the river to within hailing distance of ow fle

van cosmunenav-s ?Oslnoy.

Before proceeding to give the detail, the eorreepoedesit gives the following account of the rebel praitlon derived from obaervatioesa "travis a high tree within lees than one hundred rods of the first line of rebel defences":

Looking from the extreme north-easterly range of rebel rlee.plte towards the river an the upper side of Pert Hudson, a long line of eazthworks can b- glistening with bayonets and protected by a ditch nearly left. in width, and, for the purpose for which it was barBs, unusually deep WIthin alert musket range enfilading breastworka command every pesefhle appcoech to the _s -

As I have before itclicatest in speaking of the conjunction of our right and loft, the rebel defences form nearly a right angie, both the lines of which extend to the river, inclosing a sharp bend in the tram, by which our gunboats leered ft so diun1t to pass. The meet accessible approach apparently to the rebel eartirwoike Is over a clear field about 500 yards he width, and which, at first sight, preemie the sppmmnee at an almost perfect level. This spot, however, since our last assault has been determined to be, although the most fnviting the most tresoheroas, place gong the entire line of rebel defences, Our soldiers in their charge found it to be filled with deep, narrow gullies, too small to cover a large body of troops, and too large to make a passage over them, even for infantry, barely possible. Horses are out of the question, and ware not used at this point. These artificial ravines are completely covered with fallen cress and vines, which are so arranged as to rxearlyobsure them from sight, and make an advance over them a matter of emerne diiflouRy. In our charge upon the enemy's lines at this spot it was Impossible for our soldiers to keep in regular order of bottle. Frequently whole squads of men would sink out. of sight, only to be rescued by the astistamie of their comrades. Down the right line of the enemy's worke all approach to the fortifications is made exeeediiigly difficult by high bInds and deep irregular gullies. The enemy's rifle-pits are, although bearing the appearance of very wide constructions, built upon the most approved modern engineering skill. Here again fallen trees have been so arranged sate make it impossible to move artillery or troops in line of battle. The entire distance of rebel works presented for our reduction are nearly eight miles fix extent.

 PER PLAN OF ATTACK.

Last Saturday evening the order at attack was determined upon at head

quarters, and communicated to the Generals who were to command the assaulting columns,

The point of attack was the extreme north-easterly angle of the enemy's breaeiworka, and the plan of theaerault was brledy as follows :-The 0th New York, under command of Captain Cray, and the IM Connecticut, led by Lieutenant-Colonel Peck, were det&Ikd as skirmishers, forming a separate command under Llenienant-Oolonel Babcock, of the 74th New York. The 91st Now York, Colonel Van Zaudt commanding-each soldier carrying a five-pound band-grenade, with his musket thrown Over his shoulderfollowed next in order. The skirmishers were to creep up and he on the exterior slope of the enemy's bresstworkS, 'while the regiment carrying the grenades were to come up to the same position end throw over Mire grenades into the enemy's lines, with a view to rout them and drive them from behind their works. The 114th Connecticut, Colonel Manifleld, with their arms in like manner to the gonads regiment, followed, carrying sandbags filled with cotton, which were to be used to fill up the ditch in front of the enemy's breastworks, to enable the assaulting party the more easily to scale them and charge upon the rebels. Poilowing these regiments came, properly speaking, the balance of General Weltzel'e whole brigade, under the command of Colonel Smith, of the 114th New York. Next came Colonel Nimble's and Colonel Morgan's brigades, the last of 'which, 'with another brigade, was under the general command of Colonel Birge. This force was held to support tire assaulting colanin, which was under the lmmd1nte command of General Weltrel, who mad* the attack on the right General Emery's old division moved in conjunction with General Wefbel on the left, forming a separate column.. The two divisions (Gederal Weitsel's and General Paine'S) were under the command of General G rover who -planned the asesult altar General Barkr's outer. General Wltzoh division was rapeoted to make a lodgment isolde the enesny's works, and in tint umenor 7h

the way for General Paine'S divinna. After the inside of the enemifications had been reached skirmishers

were to push forward and e way, while both columns war-s to be deployed In line of battle, and owards the town of Port lludson, where .8 rand citadel, which forms  means of rebel delence, Is eltualed.

'eriC ATTACK COMMENCED.
THE ATTACK COMMENCED.

About daylight the 75th New York, which had been newly advancing approached the enemy's works sufficIently near to see his fire. Previously the columns of the rosin body of General 0rover's com]nan.d were formed in the woods skirting the enemy's breastworks. The 12th Connecticut during the night, had lost Its 'way in the woods, and the 91st New York was ordered by General Weltrel to take the place that had been assigned to it, and follow Immediately In the rear of the 75th New York. Alter the advance of the 76th and 91st Regiments, General Weitsel's entire command commenced moving forward. Several days previous our army engineers bad been preparing a covered way, which extended from the woods where our troops lay to within about one hundred and fifty yards of the enemy's position. Through this covered way our troops marched in single file up to the point when the first line of battie was formed. The covered. way was relied upon as being ufflcienUy deep to afford protection to our soldiers; but it turned out to be of no considerable consequence, owing to some fault in its construction. After the advance had arrived at the end of the covered way, they began slowly to push over the innumerable barriers that had been plantCd by the rebels to obstruct their mroh. The diffitolties i have before spoken of concerning the open field immediately

the enemy's works were hare experienced. The deep gullies

over by brush and oreeping vines 'were completely obscured from eight, and were only known to mist after our soldiers bad plunged into them. Part of our skirmishers deployed to the right wblle erfferlng sevely from the enemy's fire, and a portion of the advance took up a position on the left of the point to be attacked. They warn Immediately followed by General Weitsol's column. General Patna in the meantime ad#suoed towards the enemy's works 'with his command further on the left. Owe troops, as soon as they bad left the cover of the woods, which were scarcely 300 yards from the enemy's breasiworks, were subject to the coant lire of the rebel infantry. .&portionof cur artfliery,wbich was plsntedaome distance In the rear of our advancing forces, kept. up a oontlnnous fire on the rebel. works, and served very much to protect our troops as they were advancing to the attack-THE LTTAM

 Alter our skirmishers had picked their way up to within about thirty yards

of the enemy'sworks they sprang into the ditch, expecting to be able to shelter

themselves under the cover or the rebel fort,l&iations, and keep the enersydown while the regiment, with the hand-grenades, should advance and perromutheir part of the work In driving the rebels from their poatbkm. The portion of the

76th which succeeded hi reaching the ditch were Immediately repulsed, and nearly all of them were killed or wounded. The ditch was so enfiladed that it was Impossible for men to live under the murderous lire of the ==Y

in consequence of the repulse of the portion of the Thtk that succeeded in

reaching the ditch the ltandgxenadee could accomplish but little. In fact, although they made many desperate nut gi4lant attempts to be of service, they rather damned than benefited tar chances of suctese, far, asthey threw their grenades over the rebel breastworks, the rebels actually caught them and hurled them back upon us. lathe inesntiins, 'whiletheskirmiabSrawSrcnobly endeavouring to sustain themselves In their position, Wettzel'a coumn moved up as rapidly as possible, and made a series otdesperate assaults on the enemy's works, for which, or bravery end daring, the hlawry of war call htrdly furnish ,parallel. At this time, the sunireving rainy risen, the flghtbeeernc general; a fog, which had partially obscured the contending armies, lifted. and revealed their respective positions. The enemy were fully propeiod for us, and they lined every part of their fortificationS 'with heavy bodies of Irrfattry. The battle had begun in earnest, and General Paine's column as well as General Weltel's was actively engaged. Under thc general plan of attack, as directed by General sake Generals Augur and Dwl'h1 wore to make feints on the extreme left. of éeneral Grover's position, to distract the attention of the enemy from the main aemelt. Accordingly, before the engagement became

 9meral between Gemmel GWVWS OoMMMUI -4 the M-4, G-MU Aug

ght had attacked the enemy,

THE U1'ULliT.

The fight, however, though only intended at a feint, was, on the part of

General Dwight's command, exceedingly severe, and. scarcely lose so with General 0-rover's. General Dwlght'a loss in killed and 'wounded will probelly exceed two hundred. General Augur's lose will fall cnslderably thOrt of that number. Under General Grover's command, probably the most desperate fighting was done by General Wetted's old brIgade. Colonel Smith leading these veterans, fell early hi the action, itrortally -wounded. The c1arges made on the rell 'works by our brave soldiers abtqvcd a determination to carey then at all la=ds; but human braec:y on thL occasion was not adequate to the acemnpliahment of their object. The most formidable obstacle that presented itself as a barrier to our tec. W.

the rebel glade, which at the point attacked bad been constructed In ;e a

manner as to make every bullet tell that woe area ftom the robl Wit, cck4

r while our troops were ondeavotlrilig to make the aseent. ho fact, the real

natural advantages and engineering ability at Port Hudson have been ttier

a under than over rated. lmuitdlstely upon the fall of Qolet Smith, Lieut.

Colonel Von PettcE of tho 20th MW Yort took command of the brigade, u4

THE SIEGE OF VICKSBURG.

IN a contest cocbicted upon so stupendous a scale as the wer now

waging between the rival C levecier of America it must often happen that cpe.rrttiona of the greatest import to those concerned in them, end to the ttitlrurtte issue of the struggle become for a time neglected in the hit v.t exiited by still more stirring event occarring alaewherd. Thts, u-hlk with the keenest interest we 'were fedlowing the army of thePotomuc, as, broken and breathless, it recrossed. the Ilappahannock after its last advance on Richmond, our attention way (lirerted to the masterly and si cccsfui march of General Grant to the very threehold of 'V ickrhurg. And, again, while we were looking atiuiounly for news which should tell that the fall of this city of the Mississippi had rewarded the efforts of the one Federal General who seems to coniblite still in action with bohiness at the council-table, or that the Confederates had succeeded in raising the siege, we are diverted by t 1m of Lee's invasion of the Worth ; and the fate of Vckabprg, 'which at one time seemed likely even to influence the leaps of the war, becomes at once f secondary importance. Satisfied, however, that before long the operations having for their object the possession of the Mississippi will mm again aminne the importance which they

 deserve, we do not hesitate, while we are busy prepaying a Map that

shall illustrate General Lee's present movements, to lay before our readers a plan of Vicksburg which may erplein the operations by which General Grant brought his forces to the gates of the town, and help them to comprehend the news which any mail may bring of further events affecting his position.

Before relating the morvemem±s of the opposing a,rinieu ashort space

may ad tageosisly be devoted to a description of the arena to

which their struggles have been confined. We will ask our readers,

then, to imagine a wide, deep canal 1000 lict long, tending from, any Efrmingbam, through France and Atisiri, to thee Black Sea. Let then fuethou fancy England at 'war with France, ..&ustria, and the Swiss Confederacy for the possession of such a canal, ansi picture upon the ma of Europe, which it would intersect, two powerful fortified positions upon bluffs overlooking and commanding its passage, situated any in the heart of France arid garrisoned by French soldiers. Such a condition represents fairly the Mississippi luver,havngPtteburg,thePedaiBinuingh&tfl, on one of its branches, runnin? for 1000 mIles through hostile peoples with its free navigation which is one great object of the Federal party to secure, impeded b

the strong positions of Vleksburg arid Port Hudson. To gain this end, sd acquire the free navigation of this noble river, no seedulee of life arid means has been spared by the North.

To begin with, it will be remembered that Columbus, Island Net 10.

Mempiis, New Orleans, end Baton Bongo wore all taken at a greet outlay, of men, money, anti. uistos'laI f war. So much being secured, it was projected to render the position of Vickebueg harmless by

cutting au enorisious cabsal into which the water of the Mississippi

might be diverted arid 'Vlekabnrg avoided. The work was begun, sad a crutriag made germ the heel of the horse-shoe bend of the river Indicated in our Map. The work was completed, the river rose and fail, but the Mississippi refused to acuoinmotlate itself to th new channel prepared for its waters, and remained obstinately .

General Grant liszt ordered the A4rniral in charge of the Fed-1 fleet shore Vlekeburg to force some of his transports and gunboats pest the town at every bararel, and to meet him below she point of conftslence of the Big Blank and Mississippi rivxa. for the poree of conveying his army across the latter river at Grand Gulf- T11% movement was effected with remarkable skill and success on the 10th of May. Several valuable veseele were lost in the attempt, but those that succeeded in making the passage were Sulobly repaired, and were found sufficient to carry out General Grants puzose. Following up this success by rapid marches, in pursuance of a stngnlal strategic plan, General Grant at once sought the rear of V1=11

He woe first met arid his wy disputed at Thernon a Mill, near Jhekton, by a small body of men under General tioweri. Grant's army numbered 7G,tXII) men, not all of whom were, however, available he action in the field. The Beet which he had at his command may fairly be regsu'ded as a coutribtitkili equal to 25,000 more. But it was only available at such points f his march when he e upon the river, where it not only furnished him with artillery, bat brought him tGrre and kvt open hi- long Une. of. y and, if need mm rutrC'Lt. General on had only two  es uAdM his commiand.

J-~, foq:ht well; but after oontestlzgit~ipaaav for twdv h ILL.

tnrwnv anelGiant. unable hihishnstetogive duecaretobis

tusd 'wøuiidqd. hurried on. The diftioulties of his advance, and the

cufforings of his army under a sultry sun, in a troplal climate, wIth

short supplies and forced marches may easily be imagined. Upon

his way to facbon he was next mot at Reymnond, 'where General

Gregg, with 4000 men, disputed his passage for three boors; and
J

ilIatly led the elsre intfl an further boçe of fithing the rebels from their

was gone a1gade after baigade kUowed u raw onCcson,

torithrg the rebel works until epeflec1 to fall beck with gresi sleoghter

usder the terrible fire of the enemy.

The ghtthg tested at eleven o'elo* n the morning. We having bren

renleed in every aanlt, our soldiers, under command of their ooero, laid thtnwelveE down under the shelter of the gullies, trees, covered way-in feet.

everything that could afford them oteeties-end waited for the day to and darkness come on. Many of our wooncled who were acceselbie were

carried from the field by squads detailed for that purpole. It is a rtdeetlon on humanity that a large number of our soldiers, carrying the wotulded and dying from the field an stretchers, were shot down by the --Y

end in ee'seral Instances the wounded were killed while being borne from the

deid. At nigbtsli, however, we commenced the burial of our deed, and succeeded before the mrnlflg In arrylngmcatod ourwounded from the batole'

-T" LOSSM

I here no time to give yesi further details, on we have not yet intirely

recovered from the cauhiskul at the battle, and a courier Isahoutheving with dseç'atebes. Our total loss, however, in this leat attaCk opts (Pmt HAM,, will ptobably not fall much abort of 1000. It is rumoured, just as I om

thie letter, that we are to attach the enemy again to-night.
again, in the vicinity o Jackson, he was held in check by General Jthnson, who foeght to gain time, which was spent in sending pro, viajona Into Vt berg, and by Genera Pernberto there i corn-the town

j,401 having been occupied, Grant mowad towards Vicksbirg. At the bridges that crossed the Big Black River be was met, on the 16th of May by Pensbert with a much inicriot form by whom be. was fought on that day and on the next at Big Mack

4 River General Pes*bertozt effeuafly cbthd &.4Zent's teoPs

compelled to fail beck, in consequemeof being outhanked by

of pal= army, thrown am" the river higher up, some eight zejle.. Forced to retire, and exhausted with the "O"M strife, Geread Pemlto found so nmeus difflcMty in rarrying his artillery from the -hat he rçiked many pieces, and, basin br*nporte1 his foecce the river, burnt the bradgea behind Iron. it this thue, t(Y. It 1u Was BbSndoned by the Oonfed

On the ith May Grant having zetiulit the bridges destroyed,

by Pembru ':nrel Wutseif to communication with the Federal

ith-cr, which bad previously been cáizoauded

by kiiu 1kt. Un thi night General Pemberton, In enlici

ol the -trait to which bt might soon be reduced, sent from. all bi -.ere 1ure&', and ranks, which, after many perils,

socowlext In rwtnto the aeutkt of the edtral lines. No time was

hat, and, on the li3th, rle lral beet was directed to shell. and born-bait! the town tram the river, while (r5nt attempted to carry it by a

coup 45 math The sassalt hor, was zvpuletd with terrible

slaughter. In three other attempts, made with equal gallantry, the Federal troupe met with the same dogged resistance, and were beaten back. In narrating these events it s difficult to know whether to award the greater praise to the skill, endurance, and gallantry with which theFederal army overcame the vast difficulties which lay between the landing at Grand Gulf and their position before Vicksburg, or the inoniltable gallantry with which the Confederate forces contested their march and hold them now in check.

But, meanwhile, a cloud somewhat larger than a man's hand

gathers on the rear of Grants position. General Joseph B. Johnson, known to be one of the most skilful, experienced, and prudent of the Confederate chiefs, has been busy collecting an army at Jackson, and only waits for sufficient artiller.y to .advance upon Grant's position. Artillery is being conveyed to bun as fast as the railroads can carry it, while QeueralLee threatens the source of his supplies. from the

irivers; and, in all probability, before these words axe read, a

w %f some decisive kind to one or other of the combatants will have been struck.

When General Grant advanced on Vicksburg General Banks was

directed to attack Port Hudson, in order to detain at or near that place such of the Confederate forces as might otherwise be made available for the relief of Vicksburg. Accordingly, about the 26th o May, General Banks invested the works at Port EIudan by l&dan water with an anny which was amply provided with the military resources winch the Federals possess in such abundance. As in the case of Vicksbnrg, the fleet poured upon the garrison a continuous
and heavy fire, after which, on the 27th, General Banks ordered the assault to be made. It was upon this occasion that the experiment was first tried of using the new levies of negroes, with such dire results to them, that out of 900 who went under fire but 200 returned alive. The slaughter of the Federals generally was fearful, as again and again General Banks threw his gallant and unfortunate army

211 the Confederate Ues:of defence, until it became but too evident

.0t, the place could only be reduced by the slow operations of a siege.

Such, then, are the relative positions of the combatants upon this part of the banks of the Mississippi. It would be premature as-yet to speculate upon the news which must soon reach us; but time, which is all, probably, that the Confederate Generals require to cornplots the plans which em in progress to raise the siege of Vicki,1r

must be telling seriously upon the Federal army, operating at a great

distance, from their supplies, in n unhealthy season, and hemmed in on eli sides by watehfo]. guerrillas who lurk about their camps nd along the water-courses. What it present condition is it 18

possible to Bar; but it has been stated that Genera]. Grant's force',

which on landing at Grand Gulf amounted to 70,000 men,hCdben reduced on the way to Vickeburgto 45,000.

The dispositfoir of the Federal forces around Vicksburg are CO

phunly i.icated in the Map that no verbal description is necesCLrY. It, w1l be remembered that during the determined assaults 464th` tower, in the earlier stage of the siege,. General giserman met his death.
One of the most valuable veins of petroleum yet diico'rerel was lately struck on the Farrell farm, Old Creek. Verango C,utty, Pennayt. vanla. When the well commenced flowing, the oil apoute.t to a teetht

of fifty feet, with a roar like a hurricane, and escaping at the rate of twa

thousand barrels per day. A stop-cock was got on after xnueh trouble, and the flow can now be regulated to suit the demand. Another flwieg well in the vicinity was so affected by the opening of the new well that 1t yield de -

1111 over three hundred barrels per day. The ParreU well, which is abnt

4,50 It. deep, was, at last amounts, dowtngsteadilyat the rate of twelve hundred barrels a day. This, even at the uinderate prices ruling at the wells, woaU yield the owners P800dola. a da
AERICL OBT BA=LE AT GRTrYSBURG, PBNNSYLVA'tU An engagement extending over several days has been fought in Pennsylvania between the picked armies of the rival federati,

According to accounts previously received the Confederate 0014-mender-in-Chief was rported to be massing his troops on the line the Cumberland Valley Railroad, between Chambersburg and Oariie, and at the seme time the Northern army, under the leadership of lt

=I ted chief General Meade (General Hooker havistZ

917. =,was known Z be advancing by way of Frederick and Mideburg towards the Peremylvardan frontier. From this inteffigenos jt

- was apparent that the meeting between the two armies could not. he far distant, and that it would probably take place en the confines of Pennsylvania. Such has proved to be the case, The divisiomforming the advanced columns of the Federal army wxe met by a subdivtsin of the Confederate army on the morning of Wednesdey, the let of July, on the western side of the small town of Gettysburg, An engagement followed, which resulted in the defeat of the Federal troops. So far as we can gather from the talcgraphic summary but two divisions of the Northern army we're engaged-one commanded by Reynolds and the other by Reward. The former, having taken up a position on a wooded ridge to the west of Gettysburg, was, whili thus placed, attacked by the Confederates. The Federal troops were in the firat instance successful. But after a short time fortune changed tides. The right wing of the Federals was turned, and when, after two bonsai figbtin, Howard came to the aid of Reynolds, he found it imposie to regain the position on the right which had been taken by the (leefederates. He, however, brought his troops to the front, when General Ewell came up with a force of 25000 men, and succeeded in placing the Federala under a cram fire. Both flanks were then turned, and the Federal troops retired through Gettysburg after having sustained considerable loss. The Confederates took poession. of the town, and so terminated the engagement of the 1st of July. It was, howr, but the prelude to a far more terrible one on the succeeding day It. is described as having been one of the bloodiest battles of the war, and, even ndging from the meagre details which have reached us, we can readily believe in the justice of the description.

 On the morning of the 2nd the main body of the Federal artey,

under Meade. joined the divisions which, after the batU of the preceding day, had taken up a position to the south of Gettysburg. In the course of the forenoon of that day Meadc arrangel his troops far the buttid which he knew to be imminent. His right wing rested rim a cemetery to the south of the town, and was composed of the first and eleventh corps of his army. The left wing, which was

nianded by Sickle's, rested on the ernst of a hill, and the battle freet

of tin array had a north-western aspect. In the afternoan Geneal Sicklee made a reconnolasance in force, which bnnght his troops iet

cnllkes with the Conftderatrts, and shortly afterwards the euguo

ioert berates genefal. The Southern fonus rushed to the attack wh

their usual impetuosity. On the right the Federals were obliged to

retire, but it was only for a time. They rallied and rcoverei their previous petition. On the left the Ooukderates drove th&r opponents over the cr€at of the hum which they wtse plaet1. sad down the oppovite side. But the left wing of the ederal army, like the right., again succeeded in regaining its previous psltion. When the sun set the battle-field wns covered with slain but relative i.chk,us of the two erloics renmineti natdeto1. Lu the eo.ias. of the iii1it the Confederates renewed the ineagenldut. but svi.i little result. At eight t'dock on tht' evening of the 3rd the Fe-lerl Geei reported that the' t.rinfcdcrtc- tat Ottcd a heavy fire againsd lu+ kit uiii centre, which thee untinu mI fur three honr without nitermission; and that subsequently they had twice ascaulted theFederal position, but with ill sucetses. Nt later intelligeacu had bets received in l'iow York when the mall left..

flta naw raoiuw, cinAs DifR-IN-OSIIEP.

The New Yoz* Tribwse gives sonic particulars of MajIenenil C. S. Mends, pnnnotecl to the chief command of the army of th

Potomac, in rooni of General Thsoker, who was relieved prom the

command at hi own request, being impressed With the belie'f that his usefulness us a commander tras iunpaired"

"General Meade was born in Spain in Phil; entered the Military Academy at West Point from the district of Columbia, end was graduated there in 1839, and appointed second Lieutenant in the 3rd Artillery; resigned his commission, October 6, 1836; was appointed Second Lieutenant in the Topographical Engineers, May 19, 1W; was breveted Flint Lieutenant for gallantry at. Monterey, in 1846; became First Lieutenant in August, 18ö1; Captain, May 19, I*i; and Brigadier-General of Volunteers, August 31, 1861. In June, i$6t. be was promoted to a majority in the Engineer Carps, which rank let still hld in the newly-organised Engineer Corps of the stlar army. Pe'w officers have performed more arduous duties or reJerel mote distinguished and faithful service to the country since the cost' mencementofthewar. In theeveu day& fight before Rmhmoud Geaesal

was etrackbv a ball, which entered his aide and passed tliroub

his body, makings severe sad painful wound. Ijnder tender and kiifol
stilt hews ha tue newly-Organtsed. Engineer Corps or the reetar

army. Few officers have performed more arduous duties or renGerel

more distinguished and faithful service to the country since the ceer meneementofthewer. In thoseven dny&figbtbeforeRichmond Ges4lsl Meade was struck by a ball, which entered his side and passed thronzt his body, making a 'severe and painful wound. Under tenderand akiltut treatment he rapidly recovered, and it was scarcely known that

hadleft bis conch when he was in his saddle, ready to take part in the sanguinary battle of South Mountain and Antietain. In tiwse engagements he commanded the Pennsylvania Reserves-a ceePt whose reputation for courage and discipline has been surpassed by none. Hewaswith that corps inthe battles at Drainaville, on the Chickahominy, and in Maryland. When General Hooker was wounded at Antietam General M'Clellan placed General Meade in command of the corps which bad just been deprived of its heroic leader. During the action General Meade received a slight contusion from a WOOL c.rapcshot, and had two horses killed under him. He dsstmgmEh5d hImself greatly during the battle, being in the thickest of the gght. rtcning his men by his deeds of daring and valour. At FnMeriokiburghe maintained his reputation for coolness, courage, and thill. winning the unstinted applause of the army and the AW'Y

Congratulations of a grateful and appreciative people."

CalositaL WAR NEWS.

General French has abandoned Maryland Heights destroying all

the fortifications, end has moved to co-operate with General Mastic.

The city of Csrli&c, a few miles from Harrisburg, had been si4letl

by a small Confederate. force. Business in Philadelphia s entirely

i suspended, and the Pennsylvanian collieries are dosed. General has, inued a proclamation atatlng that the Confederate strategy

• sufficiently understood to make it certain that Philadelphia was tb5tr

obisct, and urging the people to arm for defence. The Mayor Philadelphia has called upon the people no longer to close their 5)S

to the startling danger and disgrace hanging over the State and all.

e The defences of Baltimore are manned by 10,000 citizens, and all *ft%i have been taken from private persons. Martial law has

claimed in Baltimore and Western Maryland. The Governor at &

Jersey has again called ontthemilitia to goto thenidof Pcnwrl'*

The War Department issued an order on the 28th ult., otcrtt'L*

bounty of 400 dollars, and one month's pay of thirtean dolLittt IS

advance, to all the volunteers between the ages of eighteen n:'1 for.

five whose term of service has expired or is about to expire will rc-enllat for three years or the war.

'The bridge across the Susquehannab at Columbia, burni by tbL

Federals to prevent the Confederate advance, is said to have COSt

1,000,000 dollars,

General Thx who hEel assumed the command of the Federal attfl

('U the pemusuas, had taken possession of White nor" and €nlO4k

esnhy force. This force had cut the railway bridge o•:ar the !'

Anna, And had penetrnted to within nine miles of Thelimwl.l. t4MJ

captured several prisoners, including General Pitrhugh [tee, 'she W

lying ill at a private howe,
Kentucky and Ohio much alarm existed in consequence of the

advance of Generals Pegram and Marshall, with 15,00 men, through Cumberland (lap.

In Tennessee General Roeencraaz had commenced a forward move

rent, and had driven the Confederates to Tuilaiuma. Bragg's forces

bad re-treated in xi demoralised condition from Tallahma to Winchester, leaving behind them a large quantity of provisions and some

news from the Mississippi is of a doubtful character. The

-defenders of Vickeburg are said to be showing great activity, and General Johnston had advanced to within a short distance of Grant's army. Johnston is said to have received reinforcements from Bragg, and to be perfecting arrangements to attack General Grant. The bombardment of Port Hudson continues. The I place, however, was considered impregnable; and it was believed that the siege would have to be raised. The (Jeafederate Generals iduke Price, and Kirby Smith have got possession of several points along the banks of the MississippL .and wuId probably attempt to seize Milliken's Bend arid obstrect the navigation. The Confederates were very active in the neighbourhood of New Orleans, which was evidently in jeopardy. In Louisiana the Confederates were gradually reoccupying the places taken not long since by the Federals.

President Davis has called upon the Confederates for troops for )ieme defences, to replace Lee's invading army.

The story of the Tawny and her crew is one of romance. Lieutenant

• Bead was detailed early in May from the Confederate steamer Florida, formerly the Oreto, one of the Liverpool built war-steamers, t take cc uimand of the brig Tacony, with an armament of one howitzer and a crew of about twenty-five men. Sailing close along the northern coast, he captured and burnt vessel after vessel, many of there of value. He lured them sometimes to approach him by a signal of istrS. The ravage he committed was great, and a fleet of war-vessels was in pursuit of him. A.t length he captured a sehconer, which he thought would better answer his purpose, and, transferring his armament to her, burned the Tawny. Thus he hoped longer to elude his pursuers. But a still bolder project occurred to him, the seisure of a revenue cutter, the Caleb Cashing, which lay in the harbour of Portland, Maine He accomplished this owing to a favouring accident on the night of the 26th tilt, and put to sea. The loss of the Cashing being discovered the following morning, the citizens hastily manned two steamers, started in pursuit, and succeeded in overtaking her. Alter a few shots had been exchanged Lieutenant Reed set fire to the (Joshing and returned to the Archer, which was afterwards captured by the steamers. All the mascm bonds of prizes released by the Tacony were found on board.
L(iYPON Tu2n4r, .(rLT 18, 1t

FnAioa baa Mexico. The capital was virtually wra at 14

PeeUs and the north-"tern march of the French was all but unopposed. It is, boweeer, due to the military character of our g*flsnt neighbours to add that they lost no time in improving their victory. and hastened to seize points at which

a determined resistance might have been offered with dis-astrous resalta to themselves They pushed forward with energy, and the Imperial eagle baa dethroned the eagle and rerpent. The Sovereigns of the old world have been somewhat in haste to congratulate the "Parvenu;" but there is matter for congratulation in tide success. We bare from the outset axed our conviction that a lrrøech apattou of Mexico must do good-not unalloyed gcod, ft is true; but the imposition of anything like order and law upon a people utterly unaccustomed to either cannot fail, to lay the seeds of a civilisation that will bear fruit in good season, We look with neither real nor a1Lotad horror upon the operations of the French In Mexico, At the very lowest, they are police operations of a salutary character, but we have hope that they will prove to be something nobler sad better. We tberetore hope, also, that the so-celled national party, which could never be consolidated while peaceful and honest reform was to be done, but which *r promptly welded into a formidable conspiracy against a reformer from abroad1 will discover that further resistance is useless, and will

not supposed at the conquest would be easier than it turned out to be, and whether be underimsted the strength of the hatred which unites robbers against the police, we may give him credit for baring conducted the war with as undaunted rigour, and In the face of a general and diaconraging readiness on the part of Europe to believe that. the campaign was disastrous. He holds Mexico; but It has cost much. We mean nothing disrespectful in saying that France is not more ready than England to make sacrifices without securing some form of reward. It is true that we are usually cheated the moment we lay by the sword and take to the pen.; but we do our humble best to recoup ourselves the losses we sustain, and France is generally more fortunate, Now, the Americans, North and South1 are out of court in this matter. We all know what the Union gained by the Mexican

 War, and unless American diplomatists have recourse to the

Monroe doctrine (incorrectly so termed, by-the-way), and

declare that European Powers have nothing to say on the soil of the New World-a. logic against which England has the very best reason to protest-it is not for fellow-cttizena of the Californians and Texaa to object upon principle to any concession which a regenerated Mexico may make in gratitude to her French regenerator. But supposing that the South should establish its claim to recognition, and the rum

should be true that a French General has in his portfolio

powers to publish such recognition in the great square of Menios

on the pert of France, the relations of the Emperor and of Mr. Davis will take a new aspect. Clearly, the sentiment of Southern gratitude, to use a gracious form of words in lieu of a cynical one, will take a distinct form, and between the Madness of the recognised Clonfedera.tion and of the regenerate Mexico the Emperor may find himself obliged to accept the reward of his goodness. In plainer terms, a permanent Freud' settlement in Mexico may be among the things of the future; perhaps an Incipient Algiers,

As regards the Mexicans themselves, we believe that soak a result f the war would be a benefit The French are net good colonists, but they are an admirable police. They, when in earnest to put down brigands (such brigands not having had their poulards blessed at ft Peter's) do the work effectually, and, as under the stern old Romans, "the robber is smothered in his cave or stabbed at Its xaou~" But It law" a higher class of ruffiAnism that France will hare to deal also, and with a fierce system of robbery and jobbery- which sends Its agents into Goveroment houses, and works ambidextrously with proclamations and with pistols. A new organlsathm will have to be devised arid carried out, and the astounded Meriosas will hare to learn that law does not mean law conditionally an its exponent holding a long knife; but means arnie to be obeyed silently end punctually by all people and under all chsszss

dances. We admit that to hope that this ien wilt be learned

In sherry ha hopcinthespiritotthe stagedlrectkn hi a late

with proposal to dramatise Lord Kacaulay's History-" Enter

St. Augustine: a pause of Ire-and-twenty minutes while he

converts the Britons to CJhrIstianity." But tim lesson will be

taught in tone. The Arabs of Algeria have at length been made to comprehend that they are to recover a debt by putting the defendant into a court and not into a fire.

But as regards England. There is a swarm of little red marks on the right of the map at North America which indicates that England has an interest In knowing all about new settleas between lGdcg. and lOdog. audOO deg. and 110 dog. Wail1 we Incline to think that4 ahoul4$he Emperor decide on a permanent occupation, we might have a worse neighbour. We should bare an ally, and one who professes, and, as we believe, with truth, tO consider England and France as the natural leaders of the world, and Powers with whom ft would be insenlay to quarrel, when, united, they have the world at their disposal. There 15 mother reason or two why a French settlement in Mexico would not be disa4vantageons to no, and we think that England will have no cause to object to the congratulations of our Queen being added to those of the other Sovereigns.
accept the Ions which the Tuilerles schoolmaster has under.

taken to teach. Those who see in this Mexican conqn a

tyrannical aepprelou of the liberties of a, people must bay, etudled to little purpose the disgracoful history of Mexico f

the last quarter of a century. It was time that she should b

taken in band, and, if the force under General Foray be eat

sufficient for the tranquillisation of the region, there is an angy in another famous capita! that is eager to get rid of those military occupants, an army which might very well be transferred from the came of brigandage and applied to aid In its sep. pressioe.

The Federal Government In North America will probably

have something to say upon the subject of the occupation; and, indeed, certain of the Northern organs have already been good enough to inform the Emperor that as soon as the civil war shall have been concluded by the subjection of the South, he will do well to evacuate Mexico, or those who ham visited it as conquerors ms visIt ft again as protectors and arengan. Setting aside this somewhat informal cation, or regarding itasahint which does notpreciaely desnand Immediate attention, we may be permitted to consider what effect a different reesE of the civil war from that indicated by the New York prmu w

have upon the plans of the Emperor. Now it is due to that

Sovereign to bear in mind that when he has issued a programme he always adverts to it at the close of his campaign,

• and point out how far he has been able to carry out his

announced designs, and what he has deemed it wiser to

abandon. The Emperor, when Spain and England withdrew from active co-operation in his designs upon Mexion, stated that he came for the good of the people, and for the purpose of enabling the rightminded among them to execute regenerative operations 'which had been rendered impossible by the strife of factions and the absence of national ideas. Passing over the question whether his Majesty had not supposed that the conquest would be easier than it turned out to be, and whether he under-estimated the streaigth of the hatred which unites robbers against the pol:ice, we may give him credit toe having conducted the war with an undaunted rigour, and in the face of a general and discouraging readiness on the part of Europe to believe that the campaign was disastrous. He holds Mexico; but it has cost much. We mean nothing dimespectful in saying that France is rt more ready than Englnni to make sacrifices without

.ccurlng rome form of reward. It is true that we are usually

cheated the moment we lay by the sword and take to the pen; but we do our humble heat to recoup ourselves the Losses we sustain, and France is generally more fortunate. Row, the Americans, North and South, are out of court in this matter. We all know what the Union gained by tim Mexican

War, and unless American diplomatists have recourse to the

Monroe doctrine (incorrectly so termed, by-the-way), and

declare that European Powers have nothing to say on the soit of the New World-a logic against which England has the very best reason to protest-it is not for felicw-cltisena of the ('alifomniana and Texans to object upon principle to any

: concession which a regenerated Mexico may make in gratitude to her French regenerator. But supposing that the South should establish Ita claim to recognition, and the rumour should be true that a French General has in his portfolio powers to publish such recognition in the great square of Mexico on the part of France, the relations of the Emperor and of Mr. Dark will take a new aspect.. Olearly, the sea of Southern gratitude, to use a gracious form of words in lien of

a cynical one, will take a distinct form, and. between the hind-new of the recognised Oonfedera.tion and of the regenerate

Mexico the Emperor may find himself obliged to accept the

0

reward of his goodnmu. In plainer terms, a permanent French

settlement in Mexico may be among the things of the future;

perhaps an Incipient Algiers.

a_1_. 1.k4
& RECOGNITION O THE SOUT1IETt OOPEflBPJCV-Mr. ROEBUCK, !11-compliance with the request of Lord Pahner4ton, withdrew his rutiou in

favour of the recognition of the Oonfrderate States.-r. LINntAT entered into an explanation of the circumstances under which he and Mr. Roaback came to have their lnterstew with the Empecor.Lord I'ALesRsToN, while approving of the withdrawal of the motion, hoped that the otuo had heard the last of amateur diplomacy.

ZU1V11ICA Ilu .---JUfl pU w,ruL tab., ,-L&,, th.
Any one who was o sanguine as to hope that the fratricidal contevt which wages la the once Unitel States of A.rneric wai GYM rer zig towards a termination must now cnfeu thit a glance at the itnation dissipates any such fond ilea. Withsat entering into a xninnte consideration of the military event

which have recently oecurreL it may well be predated of them

that they have postponed the oonelu4n of the civil war sin

At. Those whose proclivities are towards the South, while

ving every credit to Leade for the only piece of real general

ship that has been develojwa by the F.dsssl leaders gtill

their faith in the star of Lee T 66y  beilere that,

it he has revived a check, be has a rth&ees retired in good

esder, and only leans back the better to hap forward, x% the bench pto'rb has it. They mat that his mo'reent into

the enemy'! country was not an invasion, but a raid to

procure stores and  isions elsewhere than in his own some

what enbaneted territory: they prophesy a great Southern victory, and treat the surrender of Vlckaburg as an organised smi.ai for Federal purposes in connection with the chartered American anniversary of the 4th of July. Assuming that the aent news fulfils these expectationa we still doubt whether

canying the war into the dominions of the North was calcu-lated to Promote the cessation of hostilities. People talk of

a dc1sire battle won by the South as likely to bring

about a settlement of the dispute. In such a contest as that

in which Nor* and South are engaged decisive battles are not likely to occur. An yet, there b been no approach on either side to such a ictor7 as would be entWed to rank even theoreticafl asuonp dee battles; and we confess we do sot see usath chance of the attainment of any suah enocess sither by Mesde or Lee. This oMI war baa within ft peculiar elements. It is not the anng*dnsa apcwt of Eingt, but the deadly struggle of a dMded people for politiesi and social anfem*cy. It. prtabes of the Fesee contention between individual men; It has the unnatural ferocity which chtmctexises the haired of brothers which has men t) the helght of a thirst for each oth&a 'blood. It is not tempered by the ehi'rslry which belongs to war carried on between two d.tfferent =dons, and ft has long passed beyond the rczch of that stiplomacy which is .lwsya watching a favournhle moment to intervene hi a quarrel between rival Monarch-, lic is hardy

who ventures to predictanything which relates to thi2 Imericazi

difficulty; but we will vette to ay thai the oflly eirctun

stance which eneme to Us likely to bare an inftuen'e on the

contest will be the next E'resIdeatal eletI.i. It ruiy

which it is not convenient for nato eitcr U) fl now. might be

stated to show why this event may become the turningp )it of

the quarrel. It was the election of one Pridtit wt'h w the immediate cause of the war; the ele'on cr another msy be the means of bringing it to an end.
AMERICA. WAIL REWK.

The tide of awn seems to have set in at pre-cut for the FeslerMi.'

To the repulse tact with at Get tysburg by General Lee, annorrnealta

our lest Number, we have now to add a still inure serious blow to tb

pride and interate of the South in the fall of Vicksbnrg.

First, let its follow the fortunes of General Lee. By the detaik nhich have come to hate! of the battle of the Ard inst., at Gettwtburg. we find that it wa,, es General Meade described it, " of t& seetrest actions of the war." It lasted twelve hours, Icon daybreak to five in the afternoon- and dining the whole of that tl the Confederate forces were engaged in successive assaults of the mc* thsttnate chersdtev cm different points of the Federal position. The battle opened by a ace-ada and assault on the extreme Federal left, the eneuzv striving, by a series of maid and fierce atta, to Pierce or turn it ee43- in the day. Liter three hours' flghtIng how-' eve, the attnnpt not only failed$nt the Confederate right wforced back sacs the whole battle-field of that morning and the previous day. During this attack on the left a resolute and formidable attempt wee' made to flank the Federal right, and it isclear that thesuperior txhintr of the Confederates gave them everyprospect of success in this dwtion Behind the Confederate left rose a densely-wooded and lofty hill, frrm the summit of which she Coofederate batter" oonld cnoonind the Federal right and centre on Cemetery Kill. The great effort of was to turn this positine, and at one time it se,nwi doubtfefwhether the effort woe-hi not he successfuL In the &-rmlt upon it Gses.l Bill's corps was brought from the other wing Li) reinforce Ges*rsl TEwell. The reserve Federal artillery imiught mm play from eereted points behind the Cemetery Hill, and the rTr-etS resistance of the eleteuthesepe on the Federal right, artialelie the Confederate adtanc&; but the oportuue - oi two of ndliuTa to reinforce the Federal right obliged the Canfedoran to retiffi They retired, howerev, slowly, Sghtlng deaperately zt eerJ step until the afteraocm, when their attempt to turn the ri'± Wad finally absndosse& Within an hoot another and final effoti. t0-, howe-rev made. The Coeledez'nte troupe were again maeeed along the whole Federal line, but by five o'clock they were driven hick As alipclnts,*nd the en hant gagement terminated, leaving the flea In the Of the yed~  The lets on both sides is roughly estIInatWl at $,OOO The Pederalshsve also tap turad a large number of priaeS With nsmerou.s waggon-trains, adoers, and arms.

 On the 4th, General tar retreated f rum Gssysbrarg by two rOLla

through Fairfield on one side. anti theougli Caahtown and Gceericaed' on the other-to H.ageratowu, wberehiahead.quarte-raare- Eagerstown

is only a few mile from Williainport, on the Potomac, wher the-bridge of boats, by which part of the Confederate army 1*;-el tar)

If-, tyland, remains, The Potomac is, howceer. so greatly stroikU by

recent i-nine that it is impossible either to ford it or to hell I poatecit

Ididges tames it. General Meede ms.rehed in pnrscdt as rapidly t

the stat,- of the i-rinds would pet-ink.

To the 1101 there had beau no fresh eitgagtuneut, exc-t ,"jtTht

,kirudsbs between the hi-stile armies in Maryland bet a Wt! 1--v4

hohesti to be tritroot-rIL, Gne-td r,-a. whose forces etct taod to

uet-rip a strong position around Ha wrowe, was engaged in eudiXi

bts e mcnded men and his coasxni- 'aritit storm across the Pit- I

but none of his nsxp- hint quitted Lvrylaad, and he had drawn froth

applies of ainmunttk,n from Virginia. Then wes a rumour that be-, hint been ,}oi*ed by 40,000 into front General BeatursrdTs way.

4 'FEe Federal forces under Cencrel Meade aol Genersl°Cs'ted V.St

4 neroentratlng in front of the federate ni-nw, n4 wenid, it ri-M I sappos(4 awitme the offensive, and assail General Lee's poritOil

Vidolmrg has surrendered unoonditlonaflt'. Chc the aol Genetaf

Penibertuj peat two o6oers to the amp of (eneal Grant, ri' ad

I rinnnismonera should he polatM to eettle the t,2r10'

outtco&-n this request was retused. flt.jernj Petaberton hot,If titan ha-i An interview with Goner-4 frntit, and the sttrrOw

I %toi& airreed Upon. The ddaim, 'hie4 stated at

-j 12,000, inst jzt

fljRtn fighting men, were pux:'-l, and rations gitsa thorn to enable then to zetet their line-. The guts and ;fl* j captrxrni are very Dinner-otis. me i onslin' cans" of rcnrnrn4r wet's the eohanstire* of supplies and umniuttition and the fail- of (knatal Johnston- to outsit to the assistance of the garrison. Th j fit <0 of .Aalmlrul l'oth r hi now ready to co-operate iii the atnakt* Port Rittison, whil-t is reckoned that no fewer than 100 00 nO- r

tnaips are %lacecl at the disposal of the Federal Government. 0: the

nht-tanbotrts of ,Tohustone, who was to t,ave relieved Vloksburjl, not

'orOon i- mode. SzthenpavctnapenkoftnadynceofthextrtsiP*

upon 1,c w Orleans, and the capture of some ont of Fede

-li'kr& General Neil Dow has been captured, These aecofl are probably exaggerated. It appears, however, to be certain that S considerable body of Confederates had shown themselves betWS GM9 Banks and New Orleans, stpd that alarm Sated h-- AW dIV"i The recovery of New Orleans was not probable, but the relief of Po4 Hudson and the oqiture of Banks were within the bounds of P'°
bthty. Thus success and defeat swing from side to side, and the )fiOody contest continues without results.

General fix is reported to have abandoned White House, and

returned to Fortress Monroe, after destroying the railway communi

cation between Richmond and Lee's army.

The Confederate General Bragg has crossed the Tennessee River

and destroyed the bridge at Bridgeport. It is stated that General

Bragg will make the Tennessee River his future line of defence.

(Jeneral Morgan, the active Confederate leader, with 8000 men, has ea.ptcred Corydon, Indiana, and is advancing to Jeffersonville, where there are large Federal supplies. Business is suspended at Indiumpolls, and the Governor of Indiana has called out 50,000 men.

Between 8000 and 9000 Confederates, under Generals Holmes, Price,

and Maim aduke, made an attack on Helena, Arkansas, on the morning of the 4th. They advanced in three columns, but the roughness of the ground prevented them bringing up their artillery, and they attempted to carry their works by assault. The centre column charged in the direction of Port Cnrti, and took three lines of rUle-pits. The flank attack was not so successful, which subjected the centre to an enfilading fire, which swept them clown in great numbers. They were soon surrounded, and one whole brigade, numbering 840, was captured.

Among the vessels recently overhauled by the Confederate cruisers was the George Griswold, which some time ago brought to Liverpool a cargo of provisions for the operatives of -the cottonmanufacturing districts. The ship was on her way from Cardiff to Rio with a cargo of coals, belonging, it would seem, to British subjects; and he was, therefore, released on the captain giving the bond usually demanded in such cases. The following vessels have been captured and burnt by the Alabama:-The ship Amazonian, bound from New York to lionte Video, was burnt on the 2nd of June; and the Jabez Snow, bound from Liverpool for Monte Video, was burnt on the 29th of Hay. The crews of these vessels were landed at Monte Video. The Georgia captured the ship Hope, bound from Boston- to the Cape of Geep Hope, together with the G. W. Seaver, bound from Boston for Rio. The latter vessel was released upon giving bonds for 15,000 dole. The Pemambuco papers state that the Iorida, Confederate cruiser, bas taken possession of the Bocas Wands--a small group of desert ioeks near the Island of Fernando Noronita- as her base of operations.

 MISCLLAN5OU6.

At Washington, on the evening of the 7th, President Lincoln, --j General Halleck, and Secretaries Seward were serenaded on the receipt of the news of the surrender of Vicksbnrg. In returning thanks the President made an unimportant speech, General Halleck claimed l the merit of retaining General Grant in command, and consequently of the victory he achieved. Secretary Stanton declared that the real victory had been won over Copperheads as well as rebels. Mr. Seward admitted that he was originally opposed to the war, and desired to put it off, if possible. If that were a weakness there was a warrant for it in the character of Him who died to save the world, who desired the cup to pass from Him if his Heavenly Father pleased, but, if not, He would accept it. Another report states that Mr. ieward said He had been censured for his predictions that the rebellion would be ended in ninety days, and at would have been ended before it was begun if councils of patriots had been held. It had been protracted by the hopes held out of foreign interference, if foreign nations would keep their hands off the Americans would settle all their own quarrels."

The New York Herald save that there has been a crisis in the Cabinet in reference to the peace question. Mr. Seward wished to issue a Presidential proclamation offering an amnesty to all but the leaders of the rebellion, withdrawing the emancipation proclamation, suspending the Confiscation Act, and offering protection to the personal property and rights of the Southern people. According to the Herald, lie was opposed by a majority of the Cabinet. The 'epnblican party are said to be preparing a petition to the President. in reference to the restoration of peace and the Union, on the basis of the extinction of slavery in 1876.

The Washington Government had refused to allow Mr. Stephens, the Confederate Vice-President, to present in. person to President Lincoln important communications from Presdent Jefferson Davis. '['he Southern papers state that 'Vice-President Stephens's visit to Washington was either to arrange for the exchange of prisoners or to inform the Federal :Government that if private property was not respected the Confederates would retaliate. The New York Herald asserts that Vice-President Stephenss message was a proposition from President Davis for a separate Government for the North and South, but only one President. The Tribune says that the Secretary of War has given orders for mounting guns and garrisoning the forts in Portland Hai5bour, and has authorised the Governor of -Maine to raise artillery companies for the defence of the coast towns.

It is stated that the Federal Government has ordered a levy of d00,000 conscripts. A serious riot has occurred at New York caused by the enforcement of the draught.

Martini law line been declared in Louisville, All citizens hare been

ordered to enrol themselves, or to go North. - -
anal, nra at a.qt., -, S Wat ''P'fltfl tOSS Tni CONPMDEaS'rs &rs?t4 OF  AMEaict.-Pitinnimis*. -

Conin ceDe,! attention to the ex$otS at the Oreto, alias the Florida ; the

Aledana, alias the fl*; and the Japa, alias the Virginia. The hoc. gentleinn hating dwelt upon the previsions at the Foreign Enlistment Lot, and to the attarks which the above-named vsasmk had made upon the merchandise at s friendly Power, remarked that every vessel which was aspiered by thorn ate taken note at by the American Oovernnwet. In an cases the nine at the nab Seed were taken by deposition at oath, aid in aD o a Slit ate

weds for cswpsnsatloe*on this reentry. The (Iarnnxnent aiwayerasieled ibne

Sakes; but that was the mosi serious part at the manor; and he otuteatad that La seek eases every man aegis to constitute htmaalt a deterthe patina, in order that these prooeedlnge might be trend

Iowa. Dy every feeling at redewodty towards the Amerlosn WPM

we ought to thin is =Rut town these Illegal precticat. Re thought them fl4

may riot-a nan the floeeennisnt to prersi these armed rameis front karteg

these a3scet-e, lie, bagel Stat by no toohettoal evasion another teasel for ll.

te4cnte pnrpesn weeki be allowed to emape tram these eborea. The teflON 0113w dvii war In Merritt were frightful; but he hopal they would teat hI (rim" by any caaineetloee with it on our pert. All he asksd (er V AI

Whatever might be the lane at this dresdEn! war, let tingled t&epClear otlt. ilk Voice wocakthemote;sudwhat5ieatkdwsetkat bglsnd should b. silent and sorrowful 'jetfl tM domdtgl tint we' as. over. - Kr. LAtun denied that the Alabama watt etet of LIIWP5' La an Improper w. Mr. Mums sold be quoted Sad ItnatiL Mr. Duet' said he was not respoaetble for What, Dart Eaecdl %&W A* went oat of dock in its bread daylight-Mr. Cioaflt: Did ak" take a eketnoil-lir, Luna: She did net require * c1ebraa

teed Psutmttu* leaked upen the two parties In Snarls as to arutttastes tech ether. end. as a, bsbugsrsatts, and therakwe mg" to It the right and petrflrgas ci bettyreenas. That whisk was run aing La th heal of tie ha rr'tlnna ar4 whim guided his reasoning as= as his tether, -

tint the UnIon war In legal eatatanea, that theta were not two beIlw*efllE

hot a kfliste Gavsont and a rehoUSe. egaind that GO-0120%

Now what wit tie 4$g 01 a astral with regard ho two belligerents?

The American Government had lab It dawn for themasivas; ten tett

bat bid it dawn that a nantral might M-10

bsttlgerflt with

ehipç ama, aoannattisn, or anything elsethey might to

tautatat La$rMCta Ia wad sat military operation. The tea.

gentlanan cempiakad that Is MajestY. Government had net tthea Pt*P°' stags La this melter but had iSed upon Information darised from the

American Mintar. 'o sd the hem. t,jean that titat We, nOt then aced he tSaJ that the ktit. gtt*tlstan and the Fetters!

win ate entitled tony thea the Guremnamat had omitted to dottythiad"

k-; law they conk do hi rater to this matter. At the mnts tint. he ttoagbt this coentry might to en!eroo its law In these matters sa rtttajen:il

a ans -"--- t anesiadat t
loecne2 qf a Iarian Pni1kn. By Prances Anne

Kemble. (I vol. L"PAM) There can be no doubt respednJ

the genuineness of the greater number of. events recorded in this

books for they are matters of personal experuce, put upon paw by

the wile of a planter; and that planter, was amongst by no mesas

the smaller eownera. everthcless, when we reflect that the

jonresi refers to the years 1838-9----tlutt is to say, to a period four

or re and twenty years ago-and that four or five and twenty years

in fast-growing country like America are equivalent to much more than a quarter of a century in settled iliaations it would not be fair to conclude that things are now as they were then. At Mast, some weihtv proof houkl be required that they are, in tMa place it will be mxcient to say that the writer inorses the tlexil Rag account of Mrs. Beecher Stowe, in her story, "Unde Toms

nays furtJ, ale observes, "The ideal excellerme of

bar prindpeI character is no argument at all against the seersl accuracy of her statements with regard to the evils of rsarary; everything else in her book Is not only possible, but probable; and n

onllr probable, but a very faithful representation of the existing facts; faithful, and not, as you accuse it of being exaggerated; for, with the exception of the horrible catastrophe, the flogging to death of par 'I'oec, the has portrayed none of the most revolting instancea of arreelty produced by the slave system with which she might have th*ted bar picture without detracting from its perfect truth." This

an entreat from her letter to the non, but some time, of course,

after the date of her personal experiences; and in her Preface she writes-" the record contained in the following pages is a Picture of

WWUMs of human eafeteace seMeh I hope asd ödi're glare pe*ati

s*" Now, no Englishman, it may be presumed, would have the

front to advocate slavery; but recent events have brought the subject once more prominently fwd, and the author has doubtless con

Is a fsvourate opportunity for compelling attention; hence the fw*ent publication. The writer appends a letter containing her

oplaina upon the result of the b.mentshic conflict now raging beyond tes Atlantic; it is impossible to give a summary of .11 she says, bet she ocacludea p-." Perhaps, however, Mr. Jefferson I)avla means to free the negroes. Whenever that ocusummation is attained the root of butevorm will have ea1shed freen the land; and when a few ynua shall bev passed, btuntmg the batted which has been excited by this fratzlcldsl strife, th mci1enns of both the Noithem and Southern

States will perceive that the selfish policy of other nations wouki have so rejoiced over their division hail it not coined, to these who kved them not, the proof of past failure and the prophecy of future weakuasa. Admonished by its terrible oxeariesva. I btlcvu the nation will reanlite Itself under one Ooveminoit, rumodel Its contitutio And aaia addrcea itself to fulfil Its glorious destiny." Lot.

us make our commea in the Words of humor-n 3 x&ru Oc 70&5c4 irw.
AMERICA,

EERIOtS RIOTS AT NEW YORK.

The attempt to enforce the conscription in New York has either provoked, or been made the excuse for, formidable riots. That city was for three days in the hands of a mob, which commsucefl with stopping the draughting, destroying the building in wjich it was going on, and assaulting the officers. This was but the prelude. Houses were assailed, plundered, and fired; shops sacked; the streets filled with the denizens of the back slums; and the obreak at last took the shape of an anti-abolitionist crusade, and a hunt or unarmef negroes, and the burning down of the Coloured Orphan Asylum. The outbreak ended with a thieves' carnival.

Balloting began on Saturday, the 11th ult., and durng that day the names of more than ri)OO conscripts were drawn. O the morning of the 13th a mob assembled in front of the Provost Marshal's office broke into it, destroyed the ballot-boxes, and fired the buildwhich, with the adjoining houses, was completely destroyed, as the firemen refused to attempt to extinguish the flames. The mob, which is said to have consisted of about 15000, persons, composed mostly of the labouring population, infuriated women, and lads of seventeen downwards, and to have been headed by a Virginian named Andrews and some three hundred other leaders, afterwards dispersed in strong bodies throughout the city, and committd atrocious outrages. The rioters burned the Armoury, the Coloured Orphan Asylum, and many houses inhabited by obnoxious persons or by negroes. They sacked the office of the New York Tribuee and fired the building, whióh was, however, saved from destruction by the firemen. They assailed all the negroes whom they found in the streets, and murdered some fifty unhappy blacks-one of whoni they banged and burned by a fire kindled beneath him. A party of the Provost's Guard fired on the mob, but were overpowered and horribly used; and many policemen were slain or maltreatefiSuperintendent Kennedy saving his life with difficulty. On th

 following day the riots were renewed, and all the shops were closed-, business being completely suspended, cabs and omnibuses having ceased to ply, and the city telegraphs having been destroyed by the mob. More houses, including the Postmaster's, were burned, and the Mayor's dwelling was assailed. There were several encomitei

between the soldiery or militia and the rioters, and many lives were lost. The mob seizul Colonel O'Brien and hanged him on a lamppost. The disturbances spread to Staten Island, and some ncgroes' houses were burned in Brooklyn; but few or no further murders of blacks were committed, as the negroes had fled from the city. On the 15th the riots continued, business was again suspended, and there were several fresh collisions between the troops soil mob in the upper part of New York.

During these riots the authorities had not been idle; for they had summoned a special police, had called out the militia, and had brought a considerable body of troops from Baltimore, while Governor Seymour had declared the city and county of New York to be in a state of insurrection. But the diminution of the rioting on the 15th nit, seems to have been mainly due to a proclamation and speech of the Governor of the State of New York. In his proclamation, Governor Seymour declared that the only opposition to tie conscription that would be allowed was an appeal to the Courts, and that he would suppress rioting by every means in his power. In his speech, however, he said that he had applied to the Federal Cabinet at Washington, and had urged the postponement of the drauht. Headded that the decision of the courts on the question of the' legality of the draught must be obeyed if the draught were declared legal, but that he would use his influence to prevent inequality between rich and poor.

New York papers of the 13th slate that the riots had almost entirely subsided on the previous day. The wards where the greatest excitement had prevailed were filled with large forces of military, who patrolled the streets entirely unmolested by the populace. Business went on almost as generally as before the unfortunate disturbances took place, and all the cars and stages performed their trips as usual. A number of regiments had arrived from different quarters, and the authorities did not apprehend any further disturbance.

The Republican press argue that the riots in New York are really part and parcel of the Southern rebellion, while the Democratic press assert the obnoxious conditions of the draught to be the sole cause. But Americans would gladly escape the principal blame of this

graceful riot, and lay it on the Irish,

lies officially announced that the Government will sustain the enforcement of the draught with military force.

There has been resistance to the draught in Boston, but the disturbances were promptly suppressed.

In Philadelphia and Massachusetts the draught was proceeding quietly.
WAR NEWS.

General Lee's army has repassed the Potomac into Virginia at Wiliiaxisport and Failing Waters; and the movement, which appears to have been completed on the 13th or 14th ult., was said to have been effected in good order, though the Federal forces captured two guns and 2000 prisoners, including an entire brigade of infantry, winch may be presumed to have composed the onfederate rearguard. General Lee, when last heard of, was at Front Royal, making his way towards Richmond.

The Confederate General Morgan's" raid" into Indiana and Oho ha

not terminated, and, after crossing the Inclianopolis and Cincinnati Railway at a point thirtyfive miles from Cincinnati, he had reached' place called Miamisville, only seventeen miles from that city,

Li Tennessee General Rosencrana was still driving General Bragg before him, and had captured 4000 prisoners.

General Dodge officially reports that he routed the Confederates under Forrest and Biffles in the neighbourhood of Corinth.

The fail of Port Hudson has followed that of Vicksburg. The fortress surrendered unconditionally on the 8th nit. The number of prisoners will not exceed 7000-one informant places them at 6000. There had been no general engagement at port Hudson for some days previous to the surrender, all having been quiet, excepting that artillery practice was kept up on both Sides. Provisions had 1eeu short with the Confederates for some time, and, their communications having been cut off, they could not obtain more supplies. There were no hopes of succour from the forces known to be in the vicinity; hence there was no alternative but surrender or starvation.

Immediately after the surrender of Vicksburg General Sherman marched against General Johnston, and is said to have defeated bun after a very sanguinary engagement.

A fresh attack on the defences of Charleston commenced on the 10th cit., and a landing having been effected on Morris Island, all the Confederate works on that island, with the single exception of Fort Wagner, were captured by the Federals. According to accounts of the 12th cit., the siege at Fort Waoner was progressing; and five irouclads and fifteen gunboats were engaged in battering and bom bardmg the Confederate defences.

A vessel that has arrived at Falmouth re uorts the capture SI1

destruction of two fine North American vessels by Captain Semines, of the Confederate cruiser Florida. One of the vessels is said to have had bar silver on board to the value of £20,000. The crews of the two vessels were put on board the ship that brought the news IA) Falmouth.

GENERAL NEWS.

President Lincoln has ordered the 2nd of August to be set apart 5

a day of thanksgiving for victories so effective and signal as to lomb1' reasonable grotind for augmented confidence that the Union -and the Constitution will be preserved, and that peace and prosperity will be permanently maintained.

It is semi-officially announced that the question of peace b5 'lot come before the Wathingtoti Cabinet, no condition of affair having

- yet existed rendering it necessary to entertain so important a

position. The Cabinet is agreed that the beet wayto obtain peace i

to prosecute the war vigorously.  -

Official correspondence between Mr. Stephens and President Davis shows that thépropeded mission of Mr. Stephdns to Washington had forita objecta the establishment of a fresh cartel for the exchange of prisoners, and to place the wax upon the footing of hostilities wagre by modern civilised nations

The United States' Circuit Court has reversed the decision of the

Lower Court, condemning the barque Express, the Judge deciding
LOYI)ON: SATURDAY, AU'GVST 1, 1863,

RECORD, not comment, and far less prediction, seems the only

philosophic treatment of the great Transatlantic struggle. For

every prophecy has in its turn been falsified, and the sagest arguments are made ridiculous by the latest telegram. A very short time ago, and no colour could be too roseate for depicting the condition of the South. Its fortresses were impregnable, while its gallant armies were advancing to hoist the secession flag upon the steeples of Baltimore, Philadelphia, and New York, Again' all, changed, for the tenth time. A new Federal General (in his childhood known to the Duke of Wellington, it is said, though dates smile scrnfnlly at the statement) has confronted the Southern victor, prevented his advance, and made his retreat an act of probable wisdom. Two of the great fortresses have fallen, and the third is menaced by a more powerful force than has yet assailed it. The resources of the North are telling fearfully upon the Confederates.

Yet the next mail, or its successor, may have a new story to tell. Meade may have followed his foe, been led into a trap, and been discomfited ; or some new and brilliant stroke of Southern tactics may have thrown some hitherto unattached territory into the alarm which shook Philadelphia and almost roused New York. The dread game is being played on so large a board, and with such utter absence of rules, that none of its chances should surprise us. In the meantime, and at the very moment when Meade's skill and valour had excited the enthusiasm of his countrymen, New York was suddenly delivered

• over to a worse enemy than the Confederate. Riot was rampant, the negro was hunted down by the light of a score of conflagrations kindled in various quarters, the authorities were defied and outraged, and some of them murdered, and violence and plunder were theorder-or disorder-of the hour. The rabble had broken loose. We hear since that the military have used. shot and steel freely, that large numbers of the rioters have been slaughtered, and that the law is once more master, and will enforce the conscription. But the scenes, which are presented to as with a general exaggeration, corrected by the elaborate detail which the American reader loves, will scarcely pass from the memory of the New Yorker. He had previously only heard of slaughter: he has now seen it. and in its most repulsive form.

No Englishman can read of such work without regret. Upon the war itself there may be two opinions, and there can be no doubt that there are many British partisans of the South as of the North, though the majority of us cordially approve the policy of our Government and agree with the sentiment expressed in the Royal Speech; but all of us deplore the New York outrages. We never tolerate at home the interference of rioters or the mob in settling a question; and, where there are two sides actively espoused, and a rabble thrusts itself

into the struggle, both sides coalesce and put down the rioters.

We have the Anglo-Saxon liking for seeing any dispute settled

by legitimate means. Hence the people of New York, who have been exposed to the brutalities of a fractional portion of its dangerous classes, have our sympathy, and We shall all be glad to know that the strong hand has restored order. it is a libel upon Englishmen to allege that they have the slightest toimation for the perpetrators of atrocities like those which are described by
the American correspondents. It is possible that there may

have been some in the riots who hate or fear the conscription but itis obvious that the majority of the rioters are scoundrels whose ferocity and greediness have been roused, and who took advantage of the absence of troops to commit these outrages. We hope to hear that the castigation has been ample and effectual; and we have a right to expect our relatives in New York to believe that we feel towards them in the matter as they would feel towards us if they heard that a St. Giles's mob had broken loose, had ravaged certain districts of the metropolis, and bad been met by a cavalry regiment and dealt with according to desert. We are almost ashamed to have to insist upon this, but certain writers have made it necessary that such an assurance should go forth to the West.

We may add another, and we do so in all heartiness aud sincerity. The London season is over, a portion of our population has already escaped from town, and those who remain axe but devising plans for recreation and amusement. Another fortnight and our notables will either be in their country houses, regaining their own. health and ministering to the pleasures of their friends, or they will be hastening away over Europe, many with their faces set for other continents. The middle class, after a prosperous season, will be imitating their leaders, but in a modified degree. A noble harvest is all but ready. We are assured, on the highest authority, that European complications and American war have not materially injured our commerce. Care has been taken for the class most affected by the latter casualty, and there will not be much "complaining in our streets." We are at peace with the world, and we have no epidemic among our people or among our flocks. We have every reason to be thankful; and most of us are about to endeavour to enjoy our selves. It would be unworthy of us did we, in our own hour of comfort, forget our kinsmen whose fortune is now so different. We speak of the whole of the States of America; we speak not of Federals and Confederates, but of our brethren who talk our language and who think of England as the mother country. At this moment how opposite is their condition. Their best men, their citizens, fathers, husbands, brothers are in arms, and engaged in a war which off era no promise of conclusion. Their commerce is hindered, their produce belongs o the armies, and they are struggling with a taxation which must grind them cruelly. A conscription calls Northern and Southern alike into the field. And they have to deDlore the loss of thousands and thousands who have fallen in the field, or by a less enviable fate, and who, if this weary war continues, will be followed to the grave by other thousands. Such is the autumn to which our American brethren are looking. Let them, throughout the length and breadth of their noble country, accept the assurance that, though they turn a cold and scornful eye towards those who 'will take neither one side nor the other, the sympathy of Englishmen and Englishwomen goesforthto them, andthat those who seek to persuade them otherwise utter cowardly and wicked untruth. Without, we dare assert, any mingling of a selfish motive in the feeling, the news that the quarrel had been somehow adjusted, and that the sword was sheathed, would cause a shout of joy over the island, and as warm thanksgiving would ascend as on the day which President Lincoln has set apart for a religious service. These are not idle words, and. inasmuch as we know that they will be read in most parts of the States, we call upon American readers to note then', and to remember them when the time of slaughter shall have passed away.
FROBOGATION OF PAELILMENT.

The Northern and Southern States of the North

American Union still unfortunately continues, and is necessarily atteadgd with much evil, not only to the contending parties, but also to nations 'whi* have taken no pert in the contest. Her Majesty, however, has seen no resm

to depart from that strict neutrality which her Majesty has observed from the -4 Q. QQUtad

Her Majesty hs felt much pleasure in giving her assent to an Act for placing

upon a well-defined footing that Volunteer Force which has added a most 'important element to the defensive means of the country.

Her Majesty has gladly given her assent to an Act for currying into effect the additional treaty concluded by her Majesty with the President of the United States for the more effectual suppression of the slave trade; and her Majesty trusts that the honourable co-operation of the Government of the United-States will materially assist her Majesty in those endeavours which Great Britain has long been engaged in making to put au end to the perpetration of that most disgraceful crime Majesty has assented, With 9R&3 faction, to many other measures of public usefulness, the result of your laboiu5 during the present Session.
GENERAL MADE.

MAJOR - GaswaAL Goaon G. MsADE, the new Commander of the army of the Potomac was born in Spain, about the1ear 1815, of American parents. He entered

West Point Military Academy as

an appointee from, the State of

pennsylvania during September,

1, and graduated on the 80th of

I une, IM. Meade was ppointed

12

to the army from the Nrict of Columbia, and entered theserviceas brevet Second I tenant of the 3rd Artillery on the 1st of July, 1835. He did not receive his full commission until the 31st of December, 1835, when he was made a full second Lieutenant. On the 26th of October, 1836, he resigned his connection with the United States' army, and was engaged in private pmsuif.a until 1842. On thel9th of May, 1842, he was reappointed to the United States' military service as a Second Lieutenant of Topographical Engineers. In this capacitT he joined the troops engaged in the Mexican War. His conduct in MexIco was marked by determination and bravery, and at the battle of Palo Alto he won great reputation. During the several conflints of Montery, on the 21st, 22nd, arid 23rd days of September, 1846, he again distinguished himself, and for his bravery was breveted a First Lieutenant, to date from the 23rd of September, 1846. This brevet was awarded in May, 1847. During the month of August, 1851, he was promoted to a first lieutenancy of his corps, and on the 19th of May, 1856, was further promoted to a captaincy.

When the war broke out, and

President Lincoln called for three

hundred thousand volunteers, the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps was raised and placed under the charge of General M'Call, as division corninander, and Generals Reynolds, Heads, and Ord, as brigade commanders. Heads was appointed a Brigadier-General of volunteers, with a commission to date from

f.1 31,1861. He wasthenplaced

iltarge of the second brigade of

that division, and proceeded to organize it at Tennallytown, near the waters of the Potomac, and in this vicinity wintered during 1861-2. When the army of the Potomac began to move upon Manassas, duningMarch 186-2, the division in which General Meade served was attached in the first corps, then under GeaeralM'Dowell. With him they remained north of the Rappahannock until after the battle of Hanover Station, when they were added to the army of the Potomac, Occupying part of
the right wings, with division

rd

- quarters 1a the vichik7

Machathcsi'lUe. About this

tit" - viz., June 18- he w

promoted to a rnsk*ltv in he

ngineer Ckirp, w1ch rank he still bodz in the newly-organised ngineer Corps of the regular my. On the 26th of June he okpart ln the famous battle of ethaufl whe Genera &ouswall Jaoksoamadesuth a tarrifle desh upon General Mef1an'a right wIng and Generals XCsJ3 Beynold and others were taken pnsoners. Ble inavary on this ocosón was  a? nod"

The next day be was engaged, under General Pltz-Jolm Porter, in the battle of GaInes' MA and was distinguished that be wan nominated 1m a brevet of Lientenant-OoIoneI k services during that battle, ire tookpartfn some of the subsequent engageof the seven di=04!

the battle of New Boadu he was severely wuanded; -' akflol trtment, he - and almost Immediately returned to the wny, where he took command of the division until the return of Generals Mll and Reynolds from captivity in RithiL When the Confederates Invaded Maryland and Penney1vath after the defeets of General Pope's army, General Beynch who had commanded the division was detached to orgazise the Pennayirnuis ]tilit and General Meade wan

placed in commend of the vi-me of Pennsylvania Beeervva.

Re led these troops ctur1n

the eventful battles of South Mountain and Antletanu; and when, at the latter battle, General Rooker was wounded and had to leave the field, General Mesde for a short time had charge of the ninth army corps, formerly under General Reno.

After General Burnaide had been placed in charge of the army of the Potmac Ileneral Reynolds, who formerly commanded the Pennsylvania Reserves, after the retirement of General M'Cafl, wan ordered to command the whole of the first army corps, and General Meade was formally placed in command of the division of Pennsylvania Reservez. At the battle of Fredericksburg, Dec. 18, l86, be again distinguished himself, and hIs dFvhian lost very heavily, the brigade commanders arid severs' fle1 officers being placed hors der combat during the attack on the Confederate right The whole lose of onwssIt4beiugthe greatest division loss during the of that diaatrcnt fight. On
the 15th of December, two days after this eventful battis, he was ordered to command the fifth army corps, formerly under General Fitz-John Porter and more recently under General Butterfield. To enable him prcxperly to hold, that position he was appointed by the President a Major-General of volunteers, and was regularly nominated to the United States' Senate during January, 1868. The Senate making certain objections to the fists of appointees, it was revised, and General Meadel name again sent in by the President. Dining March, the Senate, in Executive Session, confirmed the appointment, and General Meade took his rank and commission as MajorGeneral of United States' volunteers, from the 29th of November, 1862, and assumed the command of the fifth army corps.

When General Hooker assumed command of the army of the

Potomac and reorganised the same, he retained General Meade as the

commander of the fifth army corps, General Butterfield having

obtained a position on the Stat of the commanding officer. During the advance upon Chanceilorsville General Meade's corps formed part of the right wing of Hooker's army. The corps started on its march on the 20th day of April, 1863, and arrived at Kelly's Ford on the 28th. The next day it crossed the Rappaliannock by that ford and the Rapidan by bly's Ford. It then pushed on to Chancelloraville, where it arrived on the 30th and engaged the skirmishers of the Confederates, taking their rifle-pits and temporary wOrks. During the fearful contests of May 2, 3, and 4 General Meade's corps played its part in the same distinguished manner that had characterised the troops under his special command since the commencement of the war. It bore its part manfully, and in tkeendcovered theretreat of the whole of Hooker's army. During the subsequent heavy forced march General Measles troops bore up under the burning rays of nearly a tropical sun; and, although other corps straggled and hung back, Meade's corps held its own.

On the morning of June 28 Colonel Hardie arrived by special train

from Washington, as bearer of despatches relieving General Hooker from the command of the army of the Potomac and appointing Major-General Meade his successor.

The despatches from America recently published show that General

hteade is equal to the duties of his high position. Starting in pursuit

of the Confederate army, under General Lee, which had invaded Maryland and Pennsylvania, the rival forces met at Gettysburg. A series of fierce assaults made by the Confederates on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of July were repelled; General Lee was constrained to fall back on the Potomac, and, as we learn this week, has withdrawn his anoVfrinia,learirgabrigadeof infantry, with two guns, in the Uds of
In the course of a debate in the Rouse of Common some

time ago, Mr. Laird stated that soon after the outbreak of the civil war in America a gentlemen from the United States waked upon him "with the view of getting vessels built in this country for the Federal Government." Mr. Welles, the Federal Secretary to the Navy, has written a letter, in which he states that no person was ever authorised by the Northern Government to' apply to Mr. Laird, or any other foreign builder, to supply ships to the United States. On the other hand, the Navy Department had been solicited for orders by persons professing to represent Bnglish ship-building dries; and Mr. WeUea has an" indistinct remembrance" that "more than one person" "Importuned" on behalf of the Messrs. Lalrd. But he "pursued a uniform and undeviating policy in regard to each and all of those applications, declining, in every instance, any proposition to bold, or procure to be built, vessels for our (Federal) navy abroad." Mr. Laird, however, adheres to his original statement, and has offered to place In Lord Palmerston's hands the documents upon which he relies for the vindication of his veracity. He has since replied to the letter of the Federal Secretary to the Navy, by publishing what we presume are the documents he offered to place in the bands of Lord Palmerston, with the view of showing that he only stated the truth when ho told the Rouse of Commons that overtures had been made to him for the construction of ships of war for the service of the United States. Mr. Laird withholds for the present the name of the gentleman who represented himself to be the authorised agent of Mr. Gideonwelles; but we infer from one of the letters that the hon. gentleman may yet consider himself bound, In selfdefence, to make a disclosure which, in the interest of his correspondent he has been anxious to avoid. Mr. Lard further states that If any person bas "Importuned" the American Navy Department in behalf of his firm, he has done so without any authority.
AMERICA, WAIt NItWIt

We have intelligence from New York to the evening of uly 25

The position and intentions of General Lee were at that date somC what doubtful. It was at one time thought that he was rapiCl1Y retreating down the west side of the Shenandoah Valley, and General Me&le crossed the Potomac at Harper's Perry, and moved down the western side of the Blue Ridge to intercept him; but it was fOU1

that the Confederate General was closely hugging the line of the Upper Potomac, and fears were entertained of another invasion

Maryland. Another conjecture was that he had delayed there tO

carry across his plunder and to carry away the new crop of that fertile valley, and that lie intended to cross the mountains into Baste

Virginia at Chester or Thornton Gap. In that case probably a battle
wenhi .,ke 1!ilce. It is reported that General Lee has been riniorced

L (utrl IL H. Hill with 10,04)0 teen from Lower Virginia.  I

Xelv. who was superintending the construction of the

PItiimrc e'l Ohio Railroad, was driven back by the Confederates r tin inic from North Mountain to Hancock. General Gregg had encmm :rul General Stuart's cavalry, 10,000 strong, between lhq hcr1'rown and Martineburg. An obstinate fight ensued, General (rrg holding his ground, but suffering heavy losses.

The daring raid of Morgan into Ohio has, according to one account, come to an abrupt termination. General Shackleford officially reports that he chased General Morgan over fifty miles, bringing him to a stand, when a fight ensued which lasted an hour. At the expiration cif that time the Confederates fled, taking refuge upon a high bluff. ( neral Skacklef,,rd demanded the immediate and unconditional surrender of Morgan and his forces. They surrendered with the excepth a of Morgan, who deserted his command, taking with him a: small squadron. General Shackleford captured 1504) to 2004) prisoners. But General Morgan. who was thus annihilated, was, at the last advices, still marauding Ohio at the head of a large force.

An extensive Federa" cavalry expedition left Newbern on the 18th alt, to penetrate into North Carolina, destroying bridges and railroad communication. The expedition burned the railroad bridge over the

Tar River and 5000 bales of cotton. Another Federal cavalry expe-dition, after severe fighting, captured and destroyed Wytheville, South-Eastern Virginia, taking 100 prisoners and two pieces of stilllery. They cut the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad at Wytheville.

 From Charleston the accounts are conflicting-one version affirming that Fort Wagner still holds out, and the other that the whole of Morris Island has been captured by the Federals. The Charleston papers assert that the city will be defended street by street. The whole coloured population had been impressed to work on the defences. I

The main interest of the news from America is with respect to

the feeling in the South. According to a Richmond journal the 100,000 Southern men who had paid for substitutes for military service must thcnieelves be draughted. Dictatorial powers are claimed for President.: Davis, and martial law insisted on for the whole Confederacy. In Alabama, South Carolina, Georgia, and Virginia it was announced that the people were organising actively for defence. The Vew' Orleans Era says President Davis has issued a proclamation ordering all men between the ages of eighteen and forty-five to repair to the conscript camps. The Richmoe Inquirer speaks of a Navy Company having been formed, the object of which is to put as many privateers as possible upon the sea to pre- upon Federal commerce. This paper contemplates the disintegration of the great Southern armies and a conscquent guerrilla warfare, which should be principally upon the sea.

The news from Mississippi Valley shows that the Federals are following up their late successes. General Johnston, retreating from the neighbourhood of Vicksburg, threw his array into Jackson, where he held the Federals at bay for more than a week. On the 16th he evacuated the town, and his pursuers gave up further chase of him. The Richmond Whig says that the evacuation of Jacksoti left in the enemy's hands the rolling stock of the Orleans, Jackson, and Great Northern, Mississippi-Central, and Mississippi-Tennessee Railroad. Over forty engines were lost. "The loss," continues the Richmond Whig, "is incalculable, important, and wholly irreparable."

 The garrison of Port Hudson, when they surrendered, had eaten

their last mule. The moment the surrender was completed the enemy

sent out a request that nix thousand rations should immediately be sent in, as the garrison had eaten its last mule. This was found to be literally the fact.

We have further tidings of the operations of the Confederate cruiser

Georgia. That vessel had, since our last news of her, captured three American vessels, two of which were released, whilst the third, which was laden with coal-an article of the greatest value to her captorwas being emptied, with the view, it is alleged, of fitting her also out as a privateer. The steamer lizzie has been captured off Abaco, and the steamer Kate Dale off Portugal, with 800 bales of cotton. The City of New York has arrived out. The Scotia has been intercepted off Cape Race.

rnB LATE DiOTS iK 1EW YORK.

New York is again quiet, and the negroes have once more begun to show themselves in the streets. The Common Council have passed a

series of resolutions, voting a fund of 500,000 dollars to pay the 300-:

dollar exemption fee for such as are not able to pay for themselves, and pledging themselves to try the validity of the Conscription Acts. Mr. Opdyke, the Mayor, vetoed the resolutions; but it is supposed they will be carried again by two-thirds of the body, which will annul the veto. It was supposed that the draught would recommence in a week. Coloured men will not be accepted as substitutes for white draughted men. The Mayor has offered a reward of 500 dollars for the apprehension of any person who committed murder or arson during the late riots. A subscription has been opened for the relief of coloured people. Governor Seymour, in a special order, had released the special constabulary from further duty, and states that a sufficient force of the State militia had arrived to maintain order. Pears, suspicions, and jealousies are mentioned as existing respecting the designs of Governor Seymour with respect to his contested right to the control of the State militia

In a list of losses liv uncendiar fires seventeen distinct fires am

The Hon. W. Whiting= to Europe by the Asia as the accredited gent of the Federal Government to the European Courts, arid as rgnlath'istr to the Federal r:i-:rs in England and France. in

eferance to important zaatter. li nn-on is said to have direct

thrcnce to the fitting out of priratcrs.

a INDIA.
In a list of losses by incendiary fires seventeen distinct fires are enumerated, comprising one or more buildings, and the estimated loss is 400,000 dollars. Fifty-six patients have been taken to the Bellevue Hospital, of whom thirteen have died. Fifteen dead bodies have been placed in the dead-house of the hospital; the names are unknown. Most of the injured seem to have received gunshot wounds. About thirty persons concerned in the riots have been captured by General Brown, and are held as military prisoners. It is stated, however, that they will be handed over to the civil authorities. More than 200 rioters were shot or bayoneted.

The New York Hsrald has resumed it silly gasconade about a

union between North arid South to make war on France said England.

It aSSerts that the conscription will be enforced, not to put down the rebellion, but to meet the threats of England, as the Government is deteimineci no longer to suffer privateers to be fitted out in that country. The seine journal urges the Government to grant the Confederates all their tights, under the Constitution, and at once proclaim war against Prance and England.

MISC LLAxEor.

The department of Virginia has been annexed to that of North Carolina, and placed under the control of General Foster, whose head-quarters will hereafter be at Fortress Monroe.

A steamer had arrived at New Orleans from Natcher, and left on a return trio to St. Louis, thus demonstrating the reopening of the Mississippi.

The World announces that General Meade tendered his resignation to the President as soon as he discovered that General Lee had crossed the Potomac, but that the President refused to accept it.

The United States' District Court has affirmed the decisions of the Lower Court, condemning the steamers Onachita and Elizabeth, the schooner J. S. Toone, the brig Sarah Star, and the car-°o belonging to Mr. D. Evans, but has reversed the decision eonemning the cargo belonging to Mr. Monroe.

Mr. Vallaucligham, in an address from Niagara, accepts the

nomination for Governor of Ohio. He says that, after his ournayings, he found himself a free man, on British soil, arid exercised the pr-i. -vilegea and rights the usurper had denied him at home. He denies the practicability of subjugating the South by force of arms, and states that he met in the South not a man, woman, or ohild who was not resolved to perish rather than yield to force. He met no one in the South. whatever his opinions or station, political or private, who did not declare his readiness, when war thaI 1 have ceased and the invading armies are withdrawn, to consider and discuss the question of reuukn.

The brother of Mr. Vallandigham, a elergym ito, together with a Dr. Clarke. were arrested on the 17th, at Newark, Delaware, but were released upon taking the oath of allegiance. No cause was assigned for the arrest.

At New Yerk, on the 25th, gold was at 27 per cent pr-cm., and the exel::wge on London at 140.

The whaling harquo Maria, of New Bedford, United States, the o1dsf, iu.sl afloat, has just icon condemned on the Peruvian coast. Site was ninety years 01(1, and was the first ship which carrie&the linitul htatcs' flag i a the British Channel alter the xcvolution,
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE MM WAR IV AVERICA. ear SpmW Gbr) I LErr Cheleston with eome of the regimit eideee1 n -Port to General Tohnatoxi in view or the Immenee aione about commencing in the south-weat. The c npaln in the valley of the 3iiiprii will, I beHeve decide the dnmtEou of the w and the battles that will be fought there under the respective lehp of General Johnston and Genvral Grant (Fcderal will, I think, h on a much larger scale than those of Virginia. The 1nciden. illustrated in the Engravha on the next page will give you an

idea o! the perils of raxvlng on a used-up military raliroal.

Three timer the ernt rim off tht 1ine iIJnrin many of the men-. and on one of these xiseis the carriage in whic'h I v.-a. t

hed Jl n plse tnd for 'txio time I wa unaware of what.

had taken place ntii i thook myself together, and then I found thi. my aim wxr baily brtii'ed. We can hear hoary firing in the tlirectiJu of jhhiu1. The lree still holds out liraroly. with a loa altogothvr, o otter. of nearly 20,10) men. The Icid are lying nntnirh' I the L.iteguti nn' hc1egt?rs. The town iscoinpietcir iiivete-L anti we only get inrdlligtnec by an oaksial courier, who ran hi gauntlet of the Yankee lines.

Jackson for n short time wna occupied by the Federal army under (encrnl Grant. The encniy entered the town in ovorwhehuin

after a mart engnement with very inferior rnmjbera who wer coin
