THE ASSASSINATION Or PILESIDENT LINCOLN.

Viscount SYDNEY, as Lord Chamberlain, made known to their Lordships her Majesty's reply to the address presented by them in reference to the assassination of President Lincoln, as follows

"I entirely participate in the sentiments which you have expressed its your address to me on the assassination of the President of the United States. I have given 'directions to my Minister at Washington to make known to the

• Government of that country the feelings which you have entertained in con. mection with myself and my whole people with regard to this deplorable event."

'OUSE OF COMMONS.-THURSDAY.

THE ASSASSINATION OF MrSIDENT LINCOLN.

Lord PnOBY, the Comptroller of the Household, brought down the answer of the Queen to the address of the House relating to the assassination of I President Lincoln.

[The 'Iloyal reply was precisely similar in terms to that which was read by Lord Sydney to the Rouse of Lords.]

With reference to' the late Confederate war-steamer

'Tallahassee (built, under the name of the Atalanta, for the London, Ohatham,

arid Dover Railway Company), of 'which we gave an Illustration lsab week,

Captain Symnc1s has requested us to say that he was not the designer of the

weasel, but that he was designed, as well as built, by Messrs. Dudgeon, of

iiUwsi1, upon a modification of the twin-screw principle, which was hold as

a patent by the late Mr. Richard Roberta and Captain Symonde, as his re

Presentative. -
GOVERNOR'S ISLAND AND PORT, NEW YORK

HA3BOVL

114 the laat number o cur Jcurnal Was a Slew of the MW fert e'eet. near Sandy Hook, at the to the Bay of New York. We new glve $ view of the f toue Govern Island. whkk lies within the bay, at the eetr$uee to the E bet wiru IMg Wand and the maãnl*ad. Fort t)lumbea. (itl Williams, an&I the South Bat&ei7, are the names of the lnr* ruthtary structurec upon Goemo Jland. The Bay f New York i' about eight miles wide and long, and has sufficient anchorage fr a'i enavies oftheworld toride withsafety iait. The d r'ocuf the inner harbour are coueitlered quite i jcunab1e. and they have I twn made even stronger by the works lately completed. of which the n'w

I fort at Sandy Hook lean example
1E]l EW PRESIDENT OF T8 UNITED 8TA1T.

ANDREW JosoN, who was

kWY elected Vice-President of the

UaiW States, and who has sue-the presidency upon the

'°f Mr. Iancolfl, was born h North Carolina, Dec. 29,

MQ When he was four years of

jest his father, who died

ftm the effect of exertions to save friend from drowning. At the of ten be was apprenticed to a in his native city, with whom

ewved seven years. His mother

*ss unable to at him any ada

aional advantages, and he never

attended school a day in his life.

learning his trade, however, xeaolved to make an effort to

educate himself. His anxiety to

e to read was particularly ited by an incident which is tb of mention. A gentleman

of Eaei&2 was in the habit of =into the tailor's shop and while the apprentice and

jurMymEfl were at work. He an exCellent reader, and vourite book was a yoof speeches, principally of

jtjah statesmen. Johnson became ted, and his first ambition to equal him as a reader and become fsmiliaxwiththOse speeches. He took up the alphabet without

juetor; but, by applying to

journeymen with whom he WOW , he obtained a little assist

ea Having acquired a knowWge of the letters, he applied for aloen of the book which he had so often beard read. The owner ukk him a present of it and gave his, some instruction on the use of s in the formation of words. his first exercises in spelling use in that book. By perseverance be aeon learned to read; and the bmes which he devoted to his edu

csj were at night, after he had

ñáhed his daily labour upon the

,pbosxd. He now applied him

a&f to books from two to three

ira every night, after working f ten to twelve hours at his

ie. Having completed his apenticesbip in the autumn of 1824, he went to Laurens Courthouse, Soeth Carolina, where he worked

a journeyman for nearly two years. While there be became en. pged to be married, but the match wae broken off by the violent op. pceatiou of the girl's mother and frieadz, the ground of objection bng Mr. Johnson's youth and the mot of pecuniary means. In May,
he reuned to Raleigh, where he procured curney-'work, and remarned unW September. He then

et ont to peek is fortune in the West,  bgwithlijm his mother,

was depe$ent upon him for

ert. Bo*topped at Genviile

neeseo and oamemed work

as a jmzmeyman. Be mmkw

theabouttwem  e

nd soon afterwar wont suit

fnrtherwestwa4 gtofind a suitable placato settLe, he xetnm

to Greenville and commenced heal

us. tlpto this time his education was limited to reading, as he

had never had an opportunity

of learning to 'write or cipher; but under the inatrucka of his wife he learned these and other acoo]laliniente. The only time, however, he could devote to them xas in thedead oftltenigbt. The hst office which he ever held was of alderman of the 'rI]lage, to wh1ohbewsseicted1n 1I2S. Re was re-elected to the same pcsãtm iii 1$2I, and again in 1). In ,'i4 year be 'w 4bu5en Z*jcr, which pition he h24 three yt*un. In 13 he was elected w ih Legislatese. T the Seeaio of year he took de led ground a SP-home of trtuci Imnhich L cntceded would not only pvoe ; 1 but entail upon the State o .nlenaome debt. 'rho measure w popular, owe,er, and at the rcxt election (1887) be was defeeted. He became a candidate again in 1839. By this time many.of the evil, he had

predicted were fully  rated,

end he was elected by $ large zssjorily. In 1840 he served as preeatiai eator fm the State *t lazge on the )esnocxatic tickat. He canvassed a large

portion of the 6tte meet Ing upon this tour se'es-a1 of the leading 'W1$g orators. In. 1!,: he was elected tothe State in 1l4 be weaela dtoOcni', where. by successive el csis  red until

I88. During this of ser-vice be 'was cotrpicuor.i ad aedTe be ad'roeatingtheIãJl for rur4ing the thie lnoscd tn  General

a&eon at New Orleaze in 1815, the annexation of Texas. the tariff of 1846, the n'a± meastrea of Mr.

Po&'nitiitrtinn, 521da home-deadbiiL In IM he was elected

Governor of Tennessee after an exciting cairvaa. Re was re-elected in 1855, after another active contest. At the expiration of his second period as Governor. in 1857, he was elected United States Se
nator for a full term, ending March , 18633. At the last Presidential election he was m de YiccPrcsident, and took the oaths of that office on the 4th o March. We engrave his Portrait, from a photograph supplied by Mr. A. M. Bailey's American agency, Northumberland-court, Cliaringcross.

MEETINGS OF CONDOLENCE ON THE DEATH OF PR]SIDEET LINCOLN.

A PnBLIO meeting was called upon very short notice, at St. James's Hall, on Saturday evening, to express condolence with the people of the United States, and with the widow and family of the late President Lincoln, upon the shocking event which took place at Washington on the 14th nit. The hail had been most appropriately decorated. The galleries were tastefully draped with black cloth, trimmed with white bandeaux, and relieved with a white and black mixed cord, in festoons. The upper gallery was similarly draped, and displayed a group of the American national colours covered with crape. The whole was completed (by Messrs. Garstirt, of Wtlbeckstreet, gratuitously) in little more than an. hour, as the hail was otherwise engaged up to three o'clock. The• hall was well filled in every part. The chair was taken by Mr. W. Evans, president of the London Emancipation Society. The meeting was addressed by Mr. W. E. Forster, M,P.; Mr. Peter Taylor, M.P.; Mr. Leatham, LP.; Mr. T. B. Potter, M.P.; Mr. Baxter, M.P.; the Hon. Lyulph Stanley, Mr. H. Faweett; Mr. Caird, M.P.; Mr. Greufell, M.P.; Mr. Cram Ewing, M.P.; the Rev. Newman Hall, and Mr. Mason Jones, and the proceedings were of a very earnest and impressive character.

 The following were the resolutions adopted:

"That this meeting deaire to give utterance to the feelings of grief

and horror with which it has heard of the assassination of President Lincoln and the murderous attack upon Mr. Seward, and to convey to Mrs. Lincoln and to the United. States Government and people an expression of its profound. sympathy and heartfelt condolence.

"That this meeting desires also to express the entire coiiddence which it feels, in the determination and the power of the Government and the people of the United States to carry out to the full the policy of which Abraham Lincoln's presidential career was the embodiment, and. to establish free institutions throughout the whole of the American Republic.

That copies of the foregoing resolutions be placed. in the hands of the Hon. C. F. Adams, the American Minister, for transmission to his Excellency the President of the United States, Mrs. Lincoln, and the Hon. W. H. Seward."

MEETING OF AMERICANS IN LONDON.

A meeting of Americans in London was held at St. James's Hall, on Monday evening. The decorations of the hail were the same as those displayed on Saturday, with the addition of an immortelle which hung below the American flag. The chair was taken by his Excellency the Hon. Charles Francis Adams, the Minister of the United States at the Court of Great Britain;. and amongst those r nt, besides Lord Houghton; Alderman Salornons, M.P.;`Xr. T. B.

otl~e r, M.P., and oilier members of the British Parliament, were the following gentlemen from America or connected with America :-Mr. Cyrus Field, Judge Winter, Dr. Black, Mr. Fuller; Mr. E. C. Fisher, of the United States Sanitary Commission; Rev. Orammond. Kennedy; Mr. Morse, Consul of the United States: Mr. Nunn Deputy Consul of the United States; Mr. B. Howard, New York, late United States army; Mr. Henry Bergh, late Secretaire de is Legislation des Etats Unis d'Amneriqe St. Petersburg; Dr. Coffin, Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. John B. Stephenson, Mr. C. M. Lampson, Dr. Ludlow; Mr. B. G. Tinker and Mr. Ward, New York; Mr. H. Stevens and' Mr. B. F. Stevens, Vermont; Dr. Storra, Mr. Peach, and Mr. Massey, New York; Mr. Phillips, Wisconsin; Mr. G. 3. Abbott, Consul of the United States for Sheffield and Bradford; Rev. 3. Shaw, Boston; Mr. 3. Holmes Goodenow, United States Consul at Constantinople; Mr. C-. Grant. Mr. Gerard. Ralston, Philadelphia, Consul-General of Liberia; Captain Richardson, San Francisco; Mr. 0. Stratton (General Tom Thumb) and Mrs. Stratton, Mr. 3. M'Eenry, Captain Toankins, and Mr. H. Brough.

 Mr. Adams, the chairman, in opening the proceedings, remarked

that it was because Abraham Lincoln was a faithful exponent of the

sentiments of a whole people that he was stricken down. The blow

that was aimed at him was meant to fall -upon the Northern supporters

of the Union. It was a supposed short way of paralysing the Government which they had striven so hard. to maintain, It was, then, for their cause that Abraham Lincoln had died. If he was culled a tyrant who was elevated to his high post by the spontaneous voices of a greater number of men than had ever been given in republic before, it was only because he was obeying the wishes of those who elected him. Mr. Adams expressed his confidence in the new President. "He, too" said his Excellency, "has been susceptible to the influence of the national opinion. He, too, has gradually been brought to the conviction that slavery, which he cries defended, has been our bane and the cause of all our woe. And he, too, will follow his predecessor in making the recognition of the principle of human liberty the chief pathway to restoration. Maybe that he will colour his policy with a little more of the sternness gathered from the severity of his own trials, He may give a greater prominence to the image of Justice than to that of Mercy in dealing with notorious offenders. But if he do, to whom is this change to be imputed? Lincoln leaned. to mercy, and he was taken off. Johnson has not promoted himself. The magician who worked this change is the enemy himself. It would seem almost as if it were the will of Heaven which has interposed the possity of this marvellous retribution."

St t4 Li A !__ r.__I -
Mr. Morse, the American Consul in London, spoke of President Johnson from his personal knowledge. Twenty-one years ago, he said, he entered the Congress of the United States with Andrew Johnson, who was then the representative of the State of Tennessee.. He was on a committee with him, and sat three or fear times a week with him, perhaps, for the space of two years, and he said there, that throughout the whole or that period, and for three or four years subsequently, during which time his acquaintance with Andrew Johnson continued, he never heard one word whispered against his fair fame. He never heard the reproach of intemperance cast upon him. He had seen him daily, and knew him well, and he knew that to charge him with habitual intemperance was one of the vilest slanders that could be brought against him.

Dr. Black moved a resolution expressing confidence that Mr. Johnson would "faithfully prosecute to final success the wise, the humane, and statesman-like domestic and foreign policy of the late President Lincoln." Remarking that Mr. Lincoln, who was so vilified when living, had, no 7ilifiera now, Dr. Black said Andrew Johnson was now the man at 'whom attacks would be directed; but it would not be many years, he apprehended, before his vilifiers would also hang down their heads.

The various resolutions were carried unanimously, and one was

added in recognition of the sympathy extended to the United States by the people of this country.
Of the assassination of President Lincoln little can be said here in our light way. Probably no event could have drawn towards the North the wavering sympathies of our commercial classes so strongly as this. The Queen, sympathising in her widowhood, has written touchingly and. gracefully to Mrs. Lincoln. It is said that Boothwho assisted, by-the-way, in hanging that proto.martyr of this slave war, John Brown-was madly fond of acting such characters as Brutus, Pierre, or Jaer. No doubt his overwrought mind had long been familiar with the idea he so fatally put in action. As anything about Berostratus-that ambitious youth who "fired th' ]iphesiaa dome," and who, we are told, "outlives in fame the pious fool that reed it "-would have been interesting on the morrow of the event, it may not be out of place here to remark that the last time the three brothers Booth played in New York they acted in "Julius Caesar," Mare Antony, Brutus, and. Oassius being personified. by Junius Brutus, Edwin, and the assassin John Wilkes Booth, the last, as will be here seen, playing, not Marcus Brutus, but the lean,

hunFy, and envious Cassius. -
Eraser opens with one of Mr. Conway's charming American papers. We we taken abroad in Messachusetta, and successively introduced to the scenery of winter said summer, of the pinewoods and of the seacoasts, to the homes of preachers and poets and to the great popular gatherings where the anti-slavery sentiment was educated. Garrison and Whittier are among Mr. Oonway'8 portraits, and some specimens are given of the really magical oratory of Wendell Phillips. There is also a fine gloomy picture of the shame and horror created at Boston by the enforcement of the Fugitive Slave 4w. A remarkable utterance of an old Governor of Virginia is mentioned. "I thank God," he wrote to Charles II., "there are no free schools nor printing, and I hope we shall not have any these hundred years, for learning has brough' disobedience, and heresy, and sects into the world, and printing has divulged them. God keep us from both!" wish was welinigh gratified, and we now see the consequences.
OBITUARY OF EMUcET PERSONS, I Cf

IL

ni PRESIDENT LINCOLN. at ln president of the United States of America (hiring the Ci LIUCO period of 1-tile since that of his great predecessor George c peal naomeflt0U5 the grandson of Abraham LfleQln, killed by Indians iii 1784, aa thbDro e son of Thomas Lincoln, of Virginia, by his wife, Nancy ___ Oh. 12, 1809, in Harden County, Kentucky. His father, • jcolfl, whell the young Abraham was about eight years of age, j family to Spencer County, Indiana. There for the ,covell wit

,at Welve years Abraham Lincoln worked with his father in the ordinary

f a settler, living in the log hut which the neighbours assisted them SI

bald when they first came to the neighbourhood. He had not, however,

r.g all t° years the guiding hand of his mother, for she died shortly

k up their residence in Indiana. In course of time, a Mr. aswford came to settle in the neighbourhood and opened a school in his own

Abraham Lincoln was his pupil. Abraham was a youth of manifold lie had perseverance, a desire for knowledge, truthfulness, and

qs. The books which be loved to peruse at this period were

Bunyan's 1'

pim's progree," "sop'e Fables," a life of Henry Clay, afterwards

of a statesman; and Wcem's "Life of Washington." When

nineteen he made a trip to lew Orleans in a flat-boat with the Eon of we Qj his neighbOUrS, with a cargo for the' ow Orleans market. In addition G

to voyage 104 down the River Ohio, which bounds Indiana on the south, e young voyagers had at least one thousand miles of the Missis'dppi to

 .eree before they arrived at their destination. The voyage was successful,

,ad rlisea the character of Abraham Lincoln in the vicinity as a f energy and promise. In 1830, when Abraham was twenty

of age, he migrated once more with his father to Decatur,

The father being there comfortably settled, Abraham started

40 his n account, hiring himself out first of all as a farm band, and eslly acting as a clerk in a store. When the war with the Indiana W,ke 4=t in n, commonly called the Black Hawk War, Hr. Lincoln was to the command of a company of volunteers. One who knew him at abs period writes that "he was an efficient, faithful officer, watchful of his anti prompt in the discharge of duty; and his courage and patriotism

sluaik from no dangers or hardships." -Alter his military career, Lincoln W It store; end then took to the business of a surveyor. In 1804 he __ past to the local Legislature, and during the time the House was not tefng he applied himself with vigour to the study of law. In 1818 he

ags,ijied a- liculee to practise; and in 1837 went to Springfield, the chief in Illinois, and commenced as a lawyer, in partnership with the Hon.

j p. Stuart. He rose rapidly in public favour, and is said to have been ,_ eeafu1 as on advocate in jury trials. In 1846 Mr. Lincoln was rnod to Congress, and took his seat as the only Whig marcher from

lie continued to belong to Congress till 1849. The Whip were the

nei5 of the present powerful Republican party, the chief point of differ. ___ ping that of slavery. Lincoln was for freedom, and on that ground cqMcd the Mexican War. He supported a bill abolishing slavery in the diss Columbia. When the Wilmot proviso was discussed to exclude slavery

tno tiseac territories which had bee- captured from Mexico, Mr. Lincoln

ssicd for the proviso; and he afterwards stated that, in one way or another,

be bed cat his vote about forty times in favour of the abolition of slavery., IA I$4 be atoed, and was defeated, for the office of United States' Senator Illinois, and consequently remained at home from that period until

Ui&i in the practice of his profession. In that year the Kansas Nebraska.

mu was passed by the slaveliolding party, aided by some of their supporters hse North. Mr. Stephen 4.. Douglas stood for 'United States'

from Illinois, and Mr. Lincoln opposed him; the two cham

pion ultimately holding seven joint debates in different towns of the for the purpose of informing the people of the grounds of differof policy upon which they were called onto decide. Upon his discussions

 Douglas, however, the eyes of the whole country were fixed, and the htty anti quaint humour which Mr. Lincoln exhibited, and the success

Vtldh be gained for the party, made him very popular among the Repubns. me immediate practical question which then agitated the people, which came to be the turning-point of the presidential election of 18130,

y wb&oer or net slavery ought to be permitted in the new territories an, by one, they came to be peopled. Mr. Lincoln believed that slavery ought

w be excluded from the territories, although he did not see his way to inter

iee with slavery in those States where it existed. The Republican Conven-tion, which met at Chicago, nominated Mr. Lincoln as their candidate for the presidency. The contest lay between him and Mr. Seward, The canvass s. earned on with the usual good humour in the North, but amid threatthis and mutterings in the South in the prospect of their defeat. The palling resulted in the return of Mr. Lincoln-the numbers being, for Lincoln, 1,137,910; for Douglas, 1,201,874; for Breckenrldge, 880,082: and for Bell (a of long standing), 646,124. The election, in 1860, of Mr. Lintoin was hailed ,Iels delight by the people of the Northern States, and when he proceeded to Washinsteal to execute the functions of President the whole country watched hIs progr with intense satisfaction. Mr. Lincoln's policy was to woo the

peth to ubmisalon to the constitutionally-expressed will of the people by

every argument which would be supposed to have weight with American citisens. His appeal was vain. The men to whom it was addressed had for a lesig series of years encouraged the delusion that slavery was a Divine insti. latico. The North, with Mr. Lincoln as President, had no choice but to etes the laws and to use whatever powers the Constitution gave for the sspprion of the South, which had burst out into open rebellion. The terrible war that followed and its overvarying incidents are too much matters of present knowledge and history to need any detail here. Sufficieritit Is to say that in the west the national arms were almost uniformly successful. In the east the forces of the Union failed to capture Richmond until weary years of effert had been wasted and several successive Generals tried and removed. But the elasticity of free institutions permitted of these changes of commode", and the patriotism of the people supported the President in whatever apçcdntnsenta he deemed best for the furtherance of the cause until-by his MW selection of General Grant, who had proved victorious in the west, and Grant's no bee admirable appointments of Generals Sherman, Sheridan, Thcssas and others-the power of the South has been completely battered dews. The emancipation proclamation of President Lincoln was one of his Widest and greatest acts, and the cause of the Union seems to have prospered seer since. Lincoln had been a second time elected President, and the stirreader of the Confederate army was just being looked on as the closing-in siesie of the mighty struggle, when President Lincoln fell the victim of one of the feal and most daring acts of assassination that has ever disgraced the of history. Assassination is a crime which seems to have peculiarly invariably the curse of Heaven upon it; for in perusing the annals of the was-Id we find it has not only not been followed by success, but it has been Ally a fatal blow to the cause in support of which the murderer has done the deed. No doubt, therefore, this dreadful slaying of the President will tssd more than aught else to cause a revulsion in the minds of his opponents lad being them round, and to thus establish the Northern triumph permastlv s.nd to effect the long-desired pacification of America. President eatadied, on the 18th nit., from the shot tired at him by John Wilkes
AERICA. CLOSE OF TIES WAR,

The wax may now be said to be virtually closed, for by the latest

advices from New York (to the 28th tilt.) we learn that General Johnston has surrendered all the forces under his command on the same terms as those granted to General Lee; and the Confederate forces still at large are of small importance.

At a meeting on the 18th tilt, between General Sherman and General Johnston, at which Mr. Breckernidge was present, an agreement was drawn up which was virtually a treaty of peace. Hostilities were by it suspended, and forty-eight hours' notice was to be given of their resumption. The Confederate armies were to be disbanded, their arms and public property being deposited in the State cpitais. The State Governments were to be recognised by the Federal Enecutive. Where there were conflicting State Governments, the Supreme Court was to decide as to the legitimacy of each of them. The civil and political rights, and rights of property of the people, were to be recognised to the extent of the law as written in the Constitution; and, finally, a general amnesty was to be proclaimed. Sherman's action was promptly repudiated by the Federal Government, chiefly on the ground that he had no right to treat for peace, and that the terms of the agreement, if acted upon, would guarantee the continuance of slavery. Gefieral Grant at. once went to Raleigh, arid ordered hostilities to be resumed ant premed forward without delay.

A despatch sent by General Grant, an the 26th nit., from Raleigh, reported that General Johnston had surrendered to General Sherman all the forces under his ccenmand-embracing all from Raleigh to the Cbattahoochie-npon terms the same as those granted by General Grant to General Lee's army in Virginia. Private accounts stated that General Johnston had endeavoured to obtain an amnesty and penisaion for President Davis and other Confederate lenders to leave the eonnty,bnt that. these demands were smnmarilyrejected by General

It was reported that General Taylor, who coinniazujls the only Confederate force new in the field to the east of the Miasissippi was ready to surrender to General Canby, the captor of Mobile, if

favourable" terms were granted to him. Nothing was known as to the intentions of General lirby ell who commands the Confederate fortes west of the Mississippi, but probably he has by this time aceepted conditions smile r to tbnse agreed to by Lee and Johnston.
asserted that home, had left Goldeborough for the Mississippi;

been a rumour that he had already crossed the Mlssisgpl,4 on his

into Texas.

DEATH or 3300Tir.

The death. of President Lincoln's assassin, John Wilk(!j

announced. It appears that Booth-whose 1

fall from horseback, but which had been set

named Mudd, who has since been arrested-an Harold, were discovered to have taken refuge in a swamp County, Maryland. They were pursued, but seem to have forlataftA to cross the Potomac, and to reach a farm near horse, but their barricaded themselves in a Y aPart port ROY4, on *4 Rappahannoek. There they were followed b barn, and rejusl to

render. The Federal troopers then set fire to the bar', ~~

affray which ensued Harrold was taken alive and unhurt; bui l3

was shot through the head by a sergeant. He lived,  til

about three hours afterwards, and found an interval to send

message to his mother. Booth's corpse and Harrold were bltz

Washington on the morning of the 27th ult. It j

body has been buried privately, by order of the War Junius Brutes Booth has been arrested on suspicion that h of his brother's accomplices.

GENERAL NEWS.

Mr. Lincoln's remains were conveyed on the 215th ult. , amJ'lp

demonstrations of mourning, from the City Hail N dépdt, en route for Albany, followed by the assembled in that city, incudin the foreign military, and large numbers of citizens and coloured peopi, people lined the streets through which the procession paned, j1 evening religious services were held by all the sects in New Yak. & meeting was also held in Union-square, at which Mr. BftaA delivered an oration.

President Johnson has appointed June], instead of M

day of humiliation on account of Mr. Lincoln's death.  *

Secreta Seward is rapidly regaining strength, and ha #k

been out riding. His son is out of danger.

Harrold has, so far, been quite reticent and morose. 7 he place immediately.

Lewis Payne, the man who, it is supposed, attaekij Mr. 04'at j, in gaol at Washisgton. He recently attempted to best hi out against the iron bars of his cell, but was prevent bound, and his head incased in a wadded cap, in order to fru,tes similar attempt at self- destruction.

Secretary Stanton has declared that he possessed in ormati

effect that the assassination plot had been framed in Oai

approved at Richmond; and that the man apprehended at

and believed to be the assailant of Secretary Seward and. his sft~Q

one of the St. Albans "raiders."

The changed aspect of the war has enabled the QOye2fl

reduce the military ex oeriditure a million dollars a day.

President Johnson iad made a speech in which he

leniency must be shown to the people of the South, but tl,s

leaders must be punished.

Confederate prisoners who were willing to take th allegiance and "become loyal citizens," and who were objects of clemency," were to be released upon such terms * President might deem "fit and consistent with public safety.

A frightful calamity had occurred on the Mississippi, the steamer Sultana, with 2000 Federal soldiers on board, basins * destroyed on the 28th ult., near Memphis, by the explosios j boilers. Of the 2000 men on board, who are said to hay. b "paroled prisoners," released by the Confederates, 1400 perished.
Tim AMEnIc WAR is OVER. We are unaware that it has ever been our duty to write five words wbih we have written with more sincere thankfulness. The task of tracing the history of this hideous conflict has been one which we have sought to discharge faithfully, unwelcome as it was; and at the close of the struggle we may fairly say that, while none of the splendid deeds of the South blinded. us to the fact that there was a black spot upon its escutcheon, none of the harsh and unfriendly utterances of the North in regard to England biassed us into doing less than justice to the perseverance and vigour with 'which the Federals fought for the Union. It may seem a small thing to add. that we have always sought to record the exact truth, in reference to the incidents of the war, so far as we could ascertain the truth; but it is not entirely without grounds that it. has been laid to the charge of partisans on both sides here that narratives of victory and, defeat have not unfrequently been coloured in accordance with party views. Let all these things be forgotten, now that North and South

[ are again joined, and

Fast as the "sword" can mare them, they are one.

Johnston's surrender, on the same terms that were accorded

to lee, rapidly followed the repudiation of the more easy terms

which Shaman thought himself entitled to offer. There remain, of course, a number of Confederate soldiers in the field;

e but that number is so reduced that it is hardly to be supposed that they will make a stand. It may be doubtful, indeed, whether their commanders would be justified by military usage in attempting a resistance. They will, of course, be allowed the same terms as the two armies which have capitulated. Should

e they endeavour to hold out, the overwhelming forces which

will rapidly be hurled against them will inevitably crush • them. We may venture to hope, therefore, that the last death. shot has been fired. But the war itself is over, whatever may remain to be done. y Now have the new President and his advisers to address themselves to the solution of the grandest problem which has ever been presented to conquerors-the problem of real paciffe cation. Nations in insurrection have been subdued before now, but the conditions have never resembled those in which Mr. Jobn'on finds the noble provinces which have been regained ' to the Union by the sword. European despots have fought
with insurgents, and won the

ay, but it was to lay or, . chains and stamp out the last embers of hope, gi

suddenly defied by a fierce and monstrous revolt j East; she closed with the rebels, and they were to the region kites ; but, her terrible work done to prod4m the lesson read, she had but to leave it 44 its own. effect. But in. the Southern. States the coo is entirely different. There is an absolut necessity for the Southerns at the earliest moment that Prudence permj the possession of equal rights with the rest of the and they must neither be trampled upon. nor left sion.e must be regained to the Union, not only in name b in they must be aided. in. the reparation of the ravag 01 v* and invited. and encouraged to be loyal co-operative There is more. The operation of the war has deprived th the unpaid labour by which they were formerly ppo The North should hardly be less generous to a brother than England was to her own children,. We conipe$W those from 'whom we took the slave. We do not say that such compensation is due to men who removed. the q from a national tribunal to a field of blood; but the wa true hearts of the Northern. Americans will tell them ta one indulgences, be the form what it may, should be prn those who have to learn to make bricks without straw. moment has arrived when the noblest statesmanship j reqij, The problem for solution is very grand; and it will j whether republican institutions have produced men wic 04 competent to deal with such a crisis. Upon the mamma the next six months depends the question whether the shall be truly consolidated, or whether a vast and daft population. shall be left to watch for a new opport severance.

The miserable assassin of the President has

miserably, as he deserved. If he desired the g &

trial and a solemn execution, to be preceded by a epech, these things have been. denied him, He has not had the gibbet and the parade which he vaunted in aided to prepare for John Brown. Injured by some perhaps his fall when he sprang past the wife of the ma foully murdered and dropped on the stage-he was h4 from a swamp into a barn, and he was brought down b shot from a common soldier's pistol. He escaped the gaZLs and has been buried like a dog. Except in oonnecsi the trial of his accomplices, there is no reason why hl famous name should again sully a page.

One thing more, and the greatest. Slavery is exth3ot t United States of America. On. this record all men-eetainiyQ Englishmen.-mustlookwithunmixedsatisfaction. tnhewj of 1852 the ladies of England signed an address to the 1ad America, and in respectful and affectionate language ban* them to consider the best means of making preparation foe ft abolition of slavery. The document bore the names o aesdys hundred and fifty thousand Englishwomen. Had that ha* prayer been. heeded, it may be that the horrors we have be recording for four years would have been spared.; but the asbect was a large, a complex, and a difficult one, and it was less ey grapple withit than to bid Englialiwomeninindtheir own bss&se and attend to the beggars in Ireland and in the d at London. Still, we believe that the appeal sank deep into hearts in. the West, and confirmed many more in their dula for a peaceful settlement of the question. But it was desd that it should not be settled peaceably; and four yew of do most sanguinary warfare have been needed to break which we should so gladly have seen quietly unlocked. Be the work is done, and the Slave is Free. There is much, "q much, of deep and enduring sorrow in the sight which is aa to be seen in America; but for this victory of freedom we a all thank God.
The New York Emigration Commiasionera hare iwied their

report for 1864. They date that in the oonr of the year there landed

at New York 222,868 pseaengera, of whom 39,422 were Amertoan citLieng sod

182.E6 were aliene, the latter number being 27,022 e than in 1q68.

88,766 of the alien, were Irish, 23,971 English, 87,578 Germans. The

ccnlooera rrokied employment, food, lodging, or issertmftn fr 284157; cared for 7563 In the refuge and boa&taJ of the coamisakn, ant far .5 in its smallpox hospital; and for 973 did the serilce of burying them
THE MOURNING FOR PRESIDENT LINCOLN IN BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

TnEaapect of the principal streets in the city of New York fortwo or three days after the news of the death of President Lincoln was full of signs of public grief and consternation. Our New York correspondent sends a sketch of the appearance of Broadway on the 18th nit., which is reproduced in our Engraving. He observes that this sad scene afforded a striking contrast to that which had been dlisplayed in the same city immediately before. "For several days previously," he says, "New York had presented quite acarniral appearance; for the surrender of Lee with Eii army was hailed as the harbinger of peace, which has so long been earnestly dashed by the mass of the people. The great thoroughfares f the city were all a-cutter with ftage, and one or two days of this week were to have been devoted to the celebration of the recent successes with which the Federal arms had been crowned. But Easter Sunday dawned upon a city dark and apaichralaa acity of the dead. Scarce ahouse in it but has been draped in the deepest mourning since three days agv 'when the news of the great national calamity fell like a thunderbolt upon the whole American community. Long festoons of black and white muslin are drooping sadly everywhere, and even the gay show-cases that stand outside the shop doors are drc'sed with funereal rosettes. Street boys are selling little mourning badges consisting of aznbrotype likenesse, of the murdered chief magistrate, tied up with knots of crape.' Another crrespordent says there still seems no d.rire to resume bu$r.ev until after the ftncrmd of the lamented President. Each hour :crea the grns' appearar.ce of the ety.

IL every strect the hou€ cr0 sii Craze, W±k sit c
Mr. Lincoln hung about with garlands entwined with black, while

in many places huge black crosses are in the 'windows of houses winch remain closed an day, seemingly deserted. It is inexpressiblysad, this outward show of grief; while that it in sincere is proved by the gloomy looks, the tearful eyes, of those who are to be met in the streets. In many places the decoration; though sombre, are exceedingly picturesque, the dark tones being relieved by the bright red and blue of the national colours entwined with crape. The public buildam many of them hung from dome to basement with long folds of black cloth disposed most artistically; and, as these buildings are of white marble, the effect may be imagined. On :Broadway some of the stores are thus decorated, while others have huge pails hanging from the roof to the street. All is dark, gloomy, grand. The expression of grief is, I dare assert, the most universal, most sincere, most impressive ever witnessed."
And Mr. Wilkes Booth, s hat of h? A strnggie,asummons, a defiance, and a shot, and there is an end of him. It is well that it is so, save that we needed from his lips- and may have hada distinct denial of any complicity of the South with the act of one whose patriotism ran to seed in wild madness. More than 250 addresses of condolence, or utterances of horror at the deed, have gone forth from England to America, and Mr. Tenniel's cartoon, which, unhappily, was rather too hastily executed, of Britannia sympathising with Columbia is true to the letter. By-the-way, Americans here present have been charmed with the noble verses which accompanied Fnch' woodcut, and many have said that the manly recantation therein will do more to knit the heart of America to that of England than anything 'which has been written-yes, even than the Queen's letter. As verses will be reprinted in every paper throughout the States. President Lincoln's death-let us have the courage to say it-is not an unmixed evil, or at least not an evil out, of which good will not spring. It has brought, at one sudden turn, France and England to the side of America; ithsasevered thelast tie which bound President Davis and his Southerners together; and it has given the Americans the image of a good, earnest, duty-loving man to set before them as an ideal corrective of restless political

dpurpe noisy ambition.
AMERICA.

By the North American and the City of Wasbingt

York news to the 6th inst. We  so

President Johnson had issued a proclamation Offering

a ftwwd at

100,000 dollars for the arrest of Mr. Jefferson Davis, w& have been on the 28th ult. at Yorkville, on the uoti South Carolina, and to have had some Federal c'u day's march in his rear. Charges of implication in President Lincoln's assassination have been made agaij also against Jacob Thompson, Clement C. oin, George N. Sanders, W. 0. Cleary, and "other rebel tra the United States Government, harboured in Cana,ta, apprehension rewards are offered. The charge has, Vbft indignantly denied by them in the Canadian jour'

The formal surrender of General Johntonb forees, w h;* wo

stated to number 27,000 men, took place at Greensboro,gji

nit. The main body of General Shermans army was tortliwards; but General Schofield's cor%bot to a#

j.s was to remain j Carolina. Mr. Mallory the Confederate Secretary of the navy, self up to the *ederal authorities at Pensacola. " h55F .

At Memphis an order had been issued announcing that aft ia

date these of the Confederates who have not surrendered wilJ

tiented as prisoners of war.

of convalescent and paroled soldiers; and it was aa

The reduction of the Federal armies has been betm

400,000 men would be immediately disbanded.

President Johnson made a speech to the Pennsyl'' '_.

reiterating that the severest penalties of the 1a oj upon the rebel leaders. He has issued a proclamation rem restrictions on trade, except in articles contraband of war, VA Southern States east of the Mississippi.

Chief Justice Chase and a treasury agent have left for the organise the law courts and trade regulations.

A Confederate iron-clad steamer, named the Webb, ss

bern laden with cotton, ran out of the mouth of the Rej Ee 2Sid nit., and succeeded in passing the Federal squadron. ceeded down the Mississippi, and passed New Orjea on the but before she had passed the forts she encountered a Pedp 40 coming up the river, and her captain ran her ashore aed benIb

Mr. Seward was nearly restored to health, and his son is *Mbg

gradually. The newspapers were discus 'mg the terms on which a

tion" of the Union is to be effected; and the chief di d opinion appeared to be on the question whether negro 3W b, admitted as voters.

An advertisement had been publishedin aWashington officers and soldiers to go to Mexico, and other papers hint it fl. terth expeditions thither.

It s said that among Mr. Lincoln's pagers has been foondap*

of letters marked, in his own handwriting, "Asssssinasim i' While many of tLem threatened his life, others wariud him of pi* to take it..
BscuosneT I unTa.-Lcrd HoUuR'roc asked whether the recognition of the so-called Confederate States as belligerents was to be withdrawn by the Government.-Barl ll 45n.n thought the question ill-timed. The President of the United States, when he declared the ports of the South blockaded, loft the Government no choice but either to refuse to acknowledge the blockade or to recognise the South as belligerents. Under the blockade the United States had the right of search of neutral vessels, and that right had been exercised with great severity. So long as they continued to maintain the right of search it must be assumed that war continued to exist. The order as to Federal vessels of war not staying more than twenty-four hours in a British port might be relaxed; but until the United States Government said whether they intended to continue or discontinue the right of search he could not answer the question of the noble Lord.. If the United States should declare the war at an end, the Government would refer the question of what should be done to the law omcers of the Crown.

BELn1ffltENT RIGHTS OF THE COFFEDERTJ5 STATES.

Mr. WHITE asked the first Lord of the Treasury whether the Government had determined to withdraw it recognition of the belligerent rights of the (&o-called) Confederate States of America.

Lord PAt.MERSTOr, who was received with loud and general cheering, rose to answer the question. The noble Lord spoke with fully his usual animation and rigour. He said the course of transactions with regard to belligerent rights of the two parties has been this :-The President, of the United Slates Issued a proclamation declaring a strict blockade of all the coasts and certain ports in the Southern Confederacy, in accordance, as he stated, with the law of nations. Now a blockade according to the Ian' of nations, a belligerent right, which can only accrue to a State which is at war. The fact of the President of the United States declaring a blockade in accordance with the law of nations gave him, according to that claim, all those rights which belong to a belligerent declaring a blockade-the right of capture, condemns. tion, end the right of search with regard to neutral vessels. The British Gorernment had but one of two courses to pursueeither to refuse to submit, on the part of British vessels, to those belligerent rights, on the ground, 'which might have been assumed, that there was no formal belligerent on the other side. That was not thought expedient, and therefore the only course to pursue was to acknowledge and to submit to these belligerent rights. But that necessarily involved the acknowledgment that the other party was also a belligerent and entitled to the rights of a belligerent Whenever the Government of the United States shall declare that it ceases to exercise with regard to neutrals those rights of search, capture, and condemnation which belong to belligerents, than the war, as far as neutrals are concerned, ceases,

and there will be no acknowledgment of belligerents either on one side or the

other.

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TuvBsDA'

Mr. D. Grimib gave notice that, to-morrow, he would call attention to reward offered. by the President of the United. States for the capture of Mr. yeffereon Davis, and ask the noble Lord at the head of the Government whets he would. intimate to the Government of the United States that a resort to any extremities would be deplored by the whole civilised world
RICRMOD AFTER THE DEPARTURE OF T1{

FEDERATES.

To' first -resrel that went up the James River to Richmond after the

eva nation of that city by the Confederates on Monday, April , ws

a pin-ate yacht, the steamer Octavia, of 43) tons, biit in America, but l.longthg to an English gentleman, Mr. T. W. Kennard, the chief engineer of the Atlantic and Great Western Railway, who was aecmpenkd by his on and several other gentlemen in this earl y VI-'. to the fallen capital of the south. We have been fa'ronred by Mr. Kennard with the sketches front which cur Illustrations on pagi 41 are engraved. One of them is a view of Fort Powliattan, with the encampment on the extreme left of the Federal position before Petersburg, about half way up the river in going from Fortress Monroe t

Richmond. The yacht passed this place on the Monday morning, and saluted with two guns. The salute was returned by Fort Powh&ttanf and the troops cheered. At that licnr Mr. Keonsed had not heard of the evacuation of Petersburg and Richmond, which had taken place the sane morning; but he met a number of large steamers, crammed with Confederate prisoners, coming down the river. Upon his arria1 at City Feint, the head-quarters ot General Grant, he learnt that both Petersburg and Richmond were abandoned, and the Confederate army in full retreat. Mr. Kenhard then landed at City Point, and called upon General Collie, the Federal ooer in command. Next morning. haying been summoned by Admiral Porter to attend on board the flagship, Mr. KeanI2d did so, and made a satisfactory apology for having ventured, without a pass, to bring his yacht up the river, as the Federal authorities had ordered that. no "WI shonid go above Fortress Monroe. The next two or three days were spent in expkring Petersburg and the country around that town. On the Friday Mr. Kennard and his party prceednd to Ilichmoni. ifi gives the following aunt of his visit to the ruined city -

"After waiting some hours on that day at the bridge ovrr t''! AppcznatU; at Petersburg, fur the r*ils tobe laid down f'r us, we safeiy crossed over on to the Richmond lLaJway n the £r' iI-t1 States car that had run on the line for years past. r n)-t- t the fallen city we passed ezpIodd ammunition -train* asU railway tibris not forgetting numbers of niggers profuse in broad guns,

and elaborate bows. These poor fellows were only x gad to Lt us have all the Confederate currency they WO. about them in excsng'e for any trifle we liked to give. tpoc arrivg at Manoz

south chic of James River, we found the 1ine a)bri. three quarters of a mile long. dee*roed by fire. oc.hht. r-.natrxed but the stone pieri. All the' other bridges were royui in the same way, and we entered the town over n brigof boal thrown aerc.a by the Federal tr,oi. Ti sr'ne of tuhi ard deva,atkm presented on entering the j, o J d.!

T14, rc:1.tcn. main street.. a.d the ctre o b;J:ns

rttthng dtwn to the rist:, Lad beeeL totsily do e'I by ii-ima
asy by erder of General Ewell, others by accident. At any rate,

rly half the city has been reduced to ashes, notwithstanding the

f,a of the Federal troops to arrest the dames. Only one ho was cç and but few shops, and those very bare of goods. The Capitol w 'sisited, also Jeff Davis's house, Castle Thunder, and the notorious IJbby prison, crammed to overflowing with Confederate prisoners. Both are miserably small holes, originally warehouses. The stories heard with regard to the treatment of Federal prisoners in the Lhb are contradictory; one Colonel, who, with ThO other officers,

f,een confined in it for three months, speaks well of-the treat

on the other hand, there are statements of shocking Ill-treatisnt and suffering. One of the first regiments in the city was negro, and black troops were on guard in every street.

'No pillage or destruction of property had taken place; and, to the great honour of the Federal arms be it fairly said, never before did eiea like Petersburg and Richmond, entered by excited troops after yra of siege, suffer to so trifling an extent. Tobacco was the only teaptatlon that could not be resisted. There was not a whisper woagst the inhabitants conversed with, other than that they had bem treated in the most humane and proper manner. We can all certify to the fact that out of the thousands upon thousands of troops we have sass oniyonemanhasbeen detected the worsefor drink. This is accounted for by the fact that spirits are forbidden both in the army and navy

on service. One could not fall to remark the deep mourning worn by the ladies moving about the streets, or the careworn expression of tbr countenaucee. The darkie' element, on the contrary, was decidedly jubilant. The return to CItY Point was by way of the James River steamers having arrived while we 'were in the town. We thus

 an opportunity of seeing part of the vast system of fortifications and

works that surrounded the fall_t city, extending over eighty miles. The number of guns left by e Confederates moat have been enormous. The celebrated Atlanta was lying in the igbbonrbood of Dutch Gaps in company with fl-vu Federal monitors. The gap appears about 200 yards in length, out through a very high bank, under fire of the Confederate guns. Red the work been successfully carried out, seven miles of batteries through which the gauntlet had to be run by the invading fleet would have been saved. From the enormous strength of the shore batteries and number of torpedoes sunk it seems almost impossible that any ship could have reached Richmond. Suspicious little red flags stack in floating logs of wood commanded the greatest possible respect from the man at the wheel. These had been placed by a torpedo-bunting gunboat to mark the proximity of its deadly game; but not without reason was this respect paid, forth is rnxnoured a river-steamer that passed us an route to Richmond deviated from the proper course, etruck a torpedo and was sunk, the majority of those on board being killed. The

torpedoes fished up b71,700, the hunters -were lying on esch bank-one contalnhrg no lees than lb. of powder. 1n ill excursions. acase at the panty get adrift. One of ours & on this ceceelcem, a circumetanee he had no reason to regret, as be passed the evening with Geeeca.1 Welt*l, who oooizp4eiTeff Davles huess, and TiLed poafa of Interest in the fugitive President's osariage. &tsmrday was spent at city Point in making athens to ail these 'who hed abnwn our pasty such great and unusual attentions. We saw a train of OOC men dispatched to wingbst* some 19,00 prisofles's captored on Thursday, Ineludiag Geneca1wsi1 and e oth genes* Upon r way back to the yacht the &igllah portKet of the= osThed upon the President, who had been hem for some time on board the River Queen steamer. The President received us with the greatest courtesy and we en5oyed along and interesting conversation with him not te least amusing part of it being a history he gave of General àrsut's career, winding up 'with a happy anecdote of a boyhood adventure of the General. The President looked very careworn, and with feeling expressed his delight at the prospect of a speedy close of this dreadful war'

There is a melancholy interest now belonging to this record of so

late a conversation with President Lincoln whose fate was not known

when Mr. Kennard wrote his letter. ±b view of the (sty

Richmond, and that of Mr. Jefferaon Davis's ROOM, are hkew eugaed from Mr. Kennards sket.thcs.
OBSEQUIES OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN AT WASHLNGTON AND NEW YORK.

TflEfuneralof the late President Lincoln, as we have aireadyreported, commenced on the 19th ult. The body had lain in state under the dome of the Capitol in Washington and had been visited by thousands of people. The niembeis of the Cabinet, with other friends of the deceased, assembled at six &clock in the morning on the 19th, and, after a brief religious service, the coffin was taken from the catafalque and placed in the hearse which was waiting to receive it in front of the Capitol. The procession was then formed, and escorted the remains to the dpd of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, in New Jersey-avenue, where a special train had been prepared for their conveyance. In front of the procession marched the Veteran Reserve

Corps, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bell; following them

came the hearse with the coin. beside which was a guard of honour composed of a detail of twelve orderly sergeants from the Veteran Reserve Corps, under the comma-id of Captain 3. 31. 'Camley of the 9th, and Lieutenants 3. R. Dnrkee of the 7th, E. Hoppy of the 12th, and E. Mt-hy of the iii: Regnient Veteran Reserve Corps. Immeilately kilcing te Lea-se. en fx came Lieutenant General
Ekin, Howe, Eaton, Townsend, and MOfludi hne R. Taylor of the

navy, and Major Field of the marine corps. Behin

several carriages, in which were Secretaries Stanto Hunter and Meigs, Admiral Davis end Qaptain W.

M'Culloch; Postmaster- General Denison and

Speed; Major B. B. French, Commissioner of Pub Commissioners Dole, of the Indian Bureau; Holloway, of the Bureau; Captain Newman, of the Capitol Police; Govern Senator Yates, and exSenator Browning, of Illinois; the Ii delegation, which took charge of the remains on behalf o' f that and a number of other senators and members of Congress.

Johnson's carriage was in the procession, accopa y.

President's body-guard, mounted, which closed the proce5 coffin was carried into the depOt, followed by the gentiem beor mentioned, civil and military, and deposited in the car, which prepared for its reception. A prayer was repeated by the Be,. ]). (1-urley; and the train, decked with funeral trappings, tar'pr Washington at eight o'clock. It arrived at Baltimore ab when the coffin was borne to the Exchange, and lay there in the next day. The same ceremony took place at H Philadelphia on the two following days.  arrisburg aa

On Monday, the 24th ult., the funeral arrived at yew r0

correspondent in that city, from whose sketch one of our

is engraved, describes the scene as follows -_  IUU*iu

"The remains were escorted from the railway station by the

regiment of New York, the 7th. The funeral car in which the bo,1y

conveyed was decorated with eight black-and-white pltu

draped with the national flag. It was drawn by  and

six grey Iysp

heavily draped and plnmed and led by soldiers. Re street which the cortdge passed were lined with dense crowds o peop reresenting all classes of society and creeds of politics. for, differences of opinion might have existed with regard to Lincoln while living and holding the reins of Government in iij they are all merged now in sorrow for his untimely fate, and '5. testation of the assassin who has brought the nation to this g grief. As soon as the body had, been carried into the (Sty and placed upon the caiafslque prepared for it reeepsolemn dirge burst forth from a choir of 900 Germa , dressed in black and with their heads uncover were renge La close array upon each side of the steps leading unpn to the City. mlii, t space in front of which was kept clear by a strong force o poiks, and by detachments of the 8th Regiment. Outside this cord crowd was immense, but, like, most American crowds, quite ofr From noon yesterday until noon to-day the body lay in state ii Rotunda of the City Hall, within a lofty catafalque erected at theh,, of the stairway leading to the Governor's Room. The ce&

placed in a sloping position beneath the canopy, the upper part 01 being open, so as to display the features of the murdered (

Magistrate. A guard of honour, composed of officers of the snay a navy, remained in constant attendance near the body. All day and all night a silent procession of citizens-men and woene, o4 young, rich and poor-moved past the coffin in single file, windj the stairs on one side and down by the other. Many floral ui were laid upon the coffin, some of them composed of OaxneIjia and other rare flowers. On the afternoon of the second day (the 25th) t remains left New York, by way of Albany and Buffalo. They arrive at Springfield, Illinois, on the afternoon of the 31st, and will 1 interred there with all possible honours."
