According to the last advices from New York, the report of

the Commission appointed by the Nary Department, consisting of three chief

engineers, who have made careful experiments for five months, showing the

practicability o using petroleum or hydro-carbon oils for the purpose of generating steam, has been issued, and proves satisfactory. It is alleged that its use will produce a great saving, not only for merchant steamers, but that a naval steamer can keep the sea under steam three times as long with less labour and greater economy as compared. with an equal weight of coal.
AMERICA.

There is not any intelligence of military interest from. Aerica. The main bodies of the respective armies were -motionless, aid the only activity displayed was by the raids of light cavalry, . The weather was so severe that no important movement was likely for the present, but both sides were making the most extensive pxear'ationa for operations in the spring. It is said that the Federals intend to make a double movement on Richmond. The Federals bombarded Charleston for four days, from the 10th to the 14th ult., and the ring was going on when the last reports left. Much mischief to property had resulted, but no injury to life or person. The Federals were pre

paring to meet the anticipated attack by the Confederate ironiiladL On the coast of Texas there has been a little fighting, to the advantage of the Confederates, who are believed to be well fortified and in

;tr 33 force there. The Federals are reported to have landed at,

1.2ead city, North Carolina. The journals of that State continue to urge peace with the North, and there is, beyond doubt, astton Union feeling existing.

A volume of diplomatic correspondence has been laid before Con?resa, containing 700 pages of communications between the British and the Federal Governments. In one-letter Secretary Seward declared that the Federal Cabinet must persist in niaintainin that England is responsible for the losses sustained by American citizens from the Alabama's depredations and in urging consequent -elauna for compensation. In complaining of the outfit of iron-clad- tans in British harbours, he said. that those rams must be expected to'assail some of the great American ports, and that the Navy Department had not a sufficient number of disposable vessels to protect all. In the event of such an attack 1 a retaliatory wax would be inevitable After Earl Russell's intimation that orders had been given for the seizure of the rams atLiverpool, Secretary Seward directed Mr. Adain to inform the English' Cabinet that the Federal Government would, hereafter hold itset obliged, with even more cause than heretofore, to endeaour to conduct its intercourse with England so that the crril war, when terminated will leave to neither nation any permanent cause for discontent.

Further correspondence between the British and the Amerrcnm

Governments the main subject of winch is the Alexandra and her

sister ships, haa been publisl-ed. Mr. Seward complains of Chief

Baron Pollock's decision in the Alexandra case, and intimates that! if that be English Liw, not only does it require amendment, but America will have to take unusual steps to protect herself against it. The American Secretary continues, that America is sufficieubl chastened by the civil war to make any concession compatible wit the interests of the national life and honour, but she cannot stand the fitting-out of Alabamas and Alexandras, and the responsibility for the consequences will not be left with President Lincoln. The negotiation of a Confederate loan in this country, Mr. Seward SS7Sp puts an end to all concessions for mitigating the rigour of tke
blockade in regard to the shipment of tobacco and cotton. -To a complaint of the enlistment of British subjects in the Confederate service, Earl Russell requests that it should nol be repeated unless all British subjects are discharged from the Federal service, and ordora given not to enlist anymore. In respect to compensation for the depredations of the Alabama, the noble Earl says they cannot b

recognised by the British Government, as they are not founded on grounds of law and justice.  -

With regard to France, M. Drouyn de Lhuys had urged the recognition of Mexico as a monarchy by the Washington Government. 31r. Seward had dimly declined; and, while avowing that the United States would adhere to a policy of non-intervention, he expresses a belief that the establishment of a monarchical Government will be found neither desirable nor easy.

The Rouse of Representatives has passed a bill imposing a duty of two cents on cotton and an additional duty of 40 cents per gallon on

iorted spirits.

m6eneral Rosecranz has been appointed to command the district of Missouri.

General Banks had issued a proclamation declaring that more than one tenth of the population of Louisiana desired to return to the Union, abrogating the State laws concerning slavery, and ordering that a convention shall revise the. State Constitution, and that members of Congress shall be elected.

Thomas Francis Meagher has delivered a panegyric on General Corcoran before a large Irish audience at the Cooper Institute, New ,York. His numerous references to the Fenian Brotherhood were loudly cheered.

The Confederate Congress have resolved that persona who furnished substitutes will not be exempt from military service. It also passed a resolution pledging the Confederates to perpetual resistance.

It was asserted that some Confederates had assembled at Point PelŽe, in Canada, for the purpose of rescuing the Confederate prisoners confined on Johnson's Island, in Lake Erie, and that a detachment of British troops had been sent to watch their movements.
AMERICA.

The Columbia brings news from New York to the evening of Jan. 29.

The most important fact mentioned. is the near approach of General Longetreet, reinforced by 20,000 men, to Knoxville. Skirxnishin between his cavalry and the :Federal outposts had commenled, an the latest accounts state that great anxiety, amounting to a panic, prevailed in the city.

The Confederates had made two separate attacks on Athens and Florence, in Alabama, in both of which they are said to have failed.

Despatches from Chattanooga report that the Confederate General Johnston had fallen back forty miles south of Dalton.

The Federal batteries continued to throw shells into Charleston;

and it was reported that half the city had been abandoned by the inhabitants.

General Butler reports that he had sent three transports and a coni-petent force up the James River, which landed seven miles below Fort Pwhattan and captured twenty Confederates, seven of whom belonged to the signal corps, and brought away ninety negroes, besides destroying large stores.

Be-enlistments in the Federal army are very numerous. Through

out the West several entire corps have re-enlisted.

The trade of the Mississippi is still interrupted-indeed, almost

suspended-by the Confederate batteries.

Mr. Lincoln has been nominated by the Republican members of the New Jertey Legislature for the presidency.

The delegates to the State Convention held at Little Book,

Arkansas, have adopted a resolution prohibiting slavery.

In Congress the Senate has passed a resolution requiring members to take the oath. Senator Bayard took the oath, and announced his intention of retiring into private life. The Judiciary Committee of the Senate has discharged from consideration the resolution to expel Mx. Davis, of Kentucky, from the Senate. Senator Kale urges the appointment of a committee to investigate the affairs of the Navy 3)eparfment, and proved statistically that the United States were called upon to spend this year for the navy more than the combined annual naval expenses of all the European Powers, excluding Denmark and Italy, and forty millions more than the naval expenses of France and England dining the three years arid five months of the Crimean War.

Mr. Fernando Wood has spoken strongly in the House of Representatives in favour of peace, declaring that the Administration opposed the restoration of the Union arid favoured the. continuance of the war for partisan advantage. He said that the most damnable deeds were perpetrated under the plea of patriotism.

 THE ENGLISH GOVERNMENT AND CONFEDERATE CliulgElts.

021 Tuesday was issued a batch of correspondence with the United States'

Government in continuation of the despatches presented to Parliament last March. The new documents consist of affidavits and memorials relating to the depredations of the Alabama and the Florida; despatches from Mr. Adams to Earl Russell, quoting each of these as claims for indemnity and adding them "to others of the seine kind which it has been lay painful .ilby to present to your Lordship heretofore;" and of replies from Earl Russell disclaimlag all responsibility in regard to the proceedings of the Alabama or of any other Confederate cruiser.

In the course of a despatch dated March 27 last year Earl Russell, describing

to Lord Lyons an interview with Mr. Adams, after stating that the American Ambassador had observed that the President might probably find no bitter resource than the issue of letters of marque, proceeds;

"I said I would at once suggest a better measure. Mr. Seward had said to

Lord Lyons that the crews of privateers had this advantage-that they reaped the whole benefit of the prizes they took, whereas the crews of men-of-war Were entitled to only half the value of the prizes they took. Let the President,

I said, offer a higher reward for the capture of the Alabama and Oret

to the crews of men-of war than even the entire value of those vessels.

Let him offer double their value as a gratuity, and thus confine his action

to officers and men of the United States navy over whom he could keep a control and who were amenable to the laws width govern an noune profession, But what could Mr. Adams ask of the Brh Government? What was his proposal? Mr. Adams said there was one thing which might be easily done. It was supposed the British Government wore indifferent to these notorious violations of their own laws. Let them declare their condemnation of all such infractions of law. With respect to the law Itself, Mr. Adams said either it was sufficient for the purposes of neutrality, and then, let the British Government enforce 1t or it was insufficient, and then let the British Government apply to Parliament to amend it. I said that the Cabinet were of opinion that the law was sufficient, but that legal evidence could riot always be procured. That the British Government had done everything In its power to execute the law; but I admitted that the cases of the Alabama and Oreto were a scandal, end, in some degree, a reproach, to our laws. Still, I said, it was my belief that if all the assistance given to the Federals by British subjects and. British munitions of war were weighed against aimilar aid given to the Confederates, the balance would be greatly in favour of the Federals. Mr. Adams totally denied this proposition. But, above all, he said, there is a manifest conspiracy in this country-of which the Confederate loan is an additional proof-to produce a state of exasperation In America, and thus bring on a war with Great Britain with a view to aid the Confederate cause and secure a monopoly of the trade of the Southern States, whose independence these conspirators hope to establish by those illegal and unjust measures. He had worked to the beet of his powerlorbeaoe, but it had become a most difficult task. Mr. Adams fully deserves the character of having always laboured for peace between our two nations nor, I trust, will his efforts arid those of the two Governments fail of success."

 In a letter to Mr. Adams, dated the 28th of October last, Earl Russell says-:

"I have had the honour to receive your letter of the 28d inst. In that letter you inform me that you are instructed to say that the Government of the United States must continue to insist that Great Britain has made itself responsible for the damages which the citizens of the United States sustain by the depredations of the vessel called the Alabama. But towards the conclusion of your letter you state that the Government of the United States are not disposed to act dogmatically or in a spirit of litigation; that they desire to maintain amity as well as peace; that they fully comprehend how unavoidably reciprocal grievances meet spring up from the divergence of the policy of thetwo countries Inregard to the present Insurrection. You add further on, that the United States frankly confess themselves unwilling to regard the present hour as the most favourable to a cairn arid candid examination by either party of the facts or the principles involved in eases like the one now in question. With this declaration her Majesty's Government may well be content to wait the time when a calm and cridid examination of the facts and principles involved in the ease of the Alabama may, in the opinion of the Government of the United States, usefully be undertaken. In the mean time, I meet request you to believe that the principle contended for by Her Majesty's Government l not that of commissioning, equipping, and manning vessels In our ports to cruise against either of the belligerent parties, a principle which was so justly and unequivocally condemned by the President of the United States in 1798, as recorded by Mr. Jefferson in his letter to Mr. Hammond on the 18th of May of that year. But the British Government must decline to be responsible for the acts of parties who fit out a seeming merchant-ship, send her to a port or to waters far from the jurisdiction of British Courts, and there commission, equip, and man her as a vessel of war. Her Majesty's Government fear that if en admitted principle were thus made elastic to nit a particular case, th

 trade of shipbuilding, lnwbich our people excel, and which is to great numbers of them a source of honest livelihood, would be seriously embarassed and impeded. I may add that it appears strange that, notwithstanding the large and powerful naval force possessed by the Government of the United States, no efficient measures have been taken by that Government to capture the Alabama. On our part, I must declare that to perform the duties of neutrality fairly and impartially, and at the same time to maintain the spirit of British law and protect the lawful Industry of the Queen's subjects, is the object of her Majesty's Government; and they trust that the Government of the United States will recognise their earnest desire to preserve, In the difficult cirownetafloes of the present time, the relations of amity between the two nations."

On the 29th of the same month Lord Russell informed Mr. Adams that the proceedings of the Alabama at the Cape had been under the consideration of the Government, and the following conclusions had been adopted by them:

"]. That her Majesty's Government are satisfied by the concurrent testimony of the colonial and naval authorities at the Cape that at the time of capture the.Sea Bride was considerably more than three miles distant from the nearest land. 2. That as regards the character of the Alabama, that vessel is entitled to be treated as a ship of war belonging to a belligerent Power, and that neither the Governor nor any other British authority at the Cape was entitled to exercise any jurisdiction over her. 8. That as regards the Tuscaloosa, although her Majesty's Government would have approved the British authorities at the Cape if they had adopted towards that vessel a course different form that which was adopted, yet the question as to the manner In which a vassal under such circumstances should, according to the tenour of her Majesty's orders, be dealt with, was one not altogether free from uncertainty. Nevertheless, instructions will be sent to the British authorities at the Cape for their guidance in the event of a similar case occurring hereafter, and her Majesty's Government hope that under those instructions nothing will for the future happen to admit of a suestoon being raised as to her Majesty's orders having been strictly corned out.'
Ws consider ourselves fortunate in being but rarely compelled to address the public upon matters affecting the interests of this Journal, or in defence of any portion of its conduct; but some expressions which were used by Mr. Layar.cl in the debate on Tuesday night, upon the subject of the burning of Kagosima, demand a few words from the conductors of the ILLUSTRATED Lo1oN Nisws. In Mr. Buxton's speech in support of his resolution condemnatory of the destruction of Kagosinia, the honourable member for Maidstone read an extract from an article accompanying a Sketch of the bombardment of that city transmitted to us by our Special Artist in Japan. The object of the reference and, of the quotation was to show the great amount of ruin that had been effected by the British squadron. In his reply, on behalf of the Government, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs " did not wish to say anything against that admirable and useful publication the ILLusTu&TsD Loom Nnw; bat those who were in the secret knew how drawings were made of places at the other end of the world, and he doubted whether any person connected with the Nrws was at Kagosima when the engagement took place. It was not impossible, indeed, that a picture of a town in South America had been furbished up to represent a town in Japan."

Whatever pictorial value may attach to the Engravings of distant scenery and events which appear in this Journal, their greatest value is, undoubtedly, in their genuineness and authenticity. To secure these qualities, the Conductors spare no cost or exertion; and incessant tributes from all parts of the world to the fidelity of the representations which we offer give us the amplest assurance that we are well served by the gentlemen who undertake the troublesome, and often dangerous, mission of sketching for us. Remarks, therefore, like those which escaped Mr. Layard in the heat of a debate, would scarcely have required notice from us had they proceeded from a less distinguished man than the accomplished UnderSecretary of State for Foreign Affairs. We felt it clue to him, no less than to ourselves, to convince him that the evidence brought forward by Mr. Buxton from our pages was of the highest order, and we had the satisfaction of showing Mr. Layatd, not only the original sketch, transmitted by Mr. Charles Wirgman, our i, Artist in Japan, but some evidence in unintended but complete

corroboration of the accuracy of Mr. Wirgoxan's drawing. , Mr. Layard's frankness and courtesy are proverbial, and we r have no reason to doubt that he will be glad, upon fitting

occasion, to do us the justice which we were denied amid the excitement of an energetic debate. We also thought it
our duty to place the sketches and papers in the hands of the honourable member for Maidstone, that he might be satisfied of the truthfulness of the exti act he had. quoted from this journal.

Whilst adverting to the subject, it seems scarcely out of place to mention, lest any similar misconception should arise in regard to other Bngravthgs which are just now sought after with the utmost interest, that in Schieswig-Holstein Mr. Latidelis is present on the scene of the strife there raging, entirely engaged with his pencil and pen in our service; and that Mr. F. Vizetelly is in Richmond, as we learned. not an hour ago from one of high authority just returned to England from the Southern States vid the "underground." Sketches from the latter gentleman have to make their way through the blockade, and such as escape the hands of the Federals appear at once in this Paper. To this system of procuring, under great risks and at almost any cost, faithful representations of the scenes we propose to depict, is due the greater part of the favour by which the ILLUSTRATED LoDo r NEWS is received by the public
IMPERIAL PARLIAMENT.

(ConUnud from page 1i).

HOUSE OF LORDS.-TEtmSDAY.

TUE COlsp]ODEP.ArE BASIS AT LryEiti'Oo.-Earl DEnier again asked the

noble Earl (Earl Russell) a question that he had asked on Tuesday with refer

slice to the Confederate rams now lying in the Mersey. The noble Earl had -stated that he could not lay any papers upon the table of the House in reference to the rams, as the question had been taken into the courts of law. He nnderstood that the rains had been seized In September last, and theA from that time until this no step has been taken to bring the cause to an issue, except that on Saturday last the information was died. This the noble Earl humbly conceived might have been done in the month of 'October or November. The question was whether the Government were prepared to lay upon the table the correspondence which had taken place upon the remonstrance made with respect to injuries sustained by American commerce in consequence of certain vessels having sailed from British ports. Eli wished -for this correspondence as well as that relating to the Alabama, and any ocrrespondence containing representations on the part of her Majesty's Governanent against the apparent violation of the law by American ctulsers ice enforcing their rights. He also asked whether the noble Earl would jay before the House any correspondence that might have taken place on the report of some very curious decisions which had been come to in the prize courtS of the United States. Under the circumstances the noble Earl could not see that the publication of these ,despatches would in any way clash with the cases now before the courts of law. The correspondence had been published in America; the noble Earl wished to have the English version of that correspondence. Whet. course the Government had taken in vindication of international law in respect to the differepces that had arisen between this country ftnd America was a question that Parliament was bound, to consider. He urged -the noble Earl (Earl Russell) to reconsider his reply of

uoeda', at d, lay this correspondence before, their Lordships. - Earl RUSSELL said that when the attention of her Majesty's Government was :first brought to these vessels the answer they received to 1niulrlea that they made was that they were intended for the French; but tire French Minister for Foreign Affairs denied this. The ships were eyidesitlythbsndsd for warlike purposes, and Mr. Adams was told that her Majesty' Government was looking sect for evidence as to the persons for whom the vessels were really destined. Another story afterwards became current that, the vessels were intended for the Viceroy of Egypt. This was Also found, to be 'without foundation.' With regard to . the general question, the noble Zarl thought that Mr. Adams was not far wrong In saying that vessels were

ttcd out hereto be used forwerlikepurpoles against a State that was at peace with her Mnesty. This was undoubtedly a gross Insult to her Majesty. But tile law dicers of the Crown, who have been consulted on the question, consider that Lei! Majesty's. Government must suffer from having their case only partially stated, so they would suffer, from having the case in the coons of law forestalled; therefore their request was that the Govern. meet should noproduce those papers. The noble Earl felt he should be doing so Injustice to the la officers of the Crown sad thwarting the fair bearing of the case if he produced the correspondence, With respect to the question of the conduct of the prize courts of America, the noble Earl was far from thinking that they had in every case done England estioe. The noble Earl concluded by saying that he would look over the papers and see what he could produce without detriment to the public service, and should the noble Earl require any particular document, be would either produce it or give valid reasons for withholding it.

H,5 Q.,1.',f, Committee be -Meted t consider the
The Confederate cruiser Florida, under the command o

Captain Mamt, left nrest on Taesday night, in the midst of a dense fog, o a cnuae. The United States' war-steamer Kear sage, on being apprised of the Florida's sailing, stood out to sea the same night.
THE ALAflA.-Iii answer to a question from Lord Derby Earl PSEL1

stated he lied escextalned that Mr. Seward had written to Mr. Adame the

deepatch referring to the demand of indemnification for the losses sustained

by the commerce of the North from the captures made by the Alabama. Mr. Ads= had received that despatch, but had not communicated it.
mew tearn-whietLe (to arouse the workmen), six feet high

teen Inche In diameter, 1ia been emcted on Ct reo1yer bawl, 1Iertod, connecticut.

& .  -.  ,  _____ .  .a

Telegraphic facilities are rapidly increasing along the Pacific pe. A lire is now being conatrmcte4 frcm San Francz to Portland, Orgcr. Workmen are new at work eitendin the whoa ft= Sowarnezito I

alcig the line of the Pattec Balbnad, ecr the Br* eci4a. making 1t when completed, the thud line beoegtn to this oetpany orosEng thnse mountatha. Men are also at work In Careen Valley catandIn the line weetward

frm this We to meet It.
AMERICA.

The Confederates appear to have made a general aggressive move.

General Loxigstreet has, it i stated, driven the Federals into

soxville and go possession of the French Bread River, whence

Urge supplies of forage can be drawn. In North Carolina they had

driven in the Federal outposts, and in Western Virginia had captured some Federal detachments and stores; but, on pressing their advan. I weB, they were repulsed in both instances. e Federa]s have recommenced shelling Fort Sumter, having

ecoveied that the Confederates had remounted five guns on the fort.

There was a renewed report of General Mends being superseded by General Thomas.

Another land and naval expedition was being fitted out at New I

its destination was not known, but was supposed to be Mobile.

The Southern army is said to be in the best spirits, and the soldiers

were 1-enlisting by brigades and regiments. General Lee issued an I

Order the 22nd ult. stating that the temporary reduction of rations was used by circumstances beyond the control of those charged with the support Of the army; but it was hoped this would be of sbozt duration. The army has proved that the country could require no sicrifice too great for its patiotimu.

president Lincoln has ordered a forced levy of 500,000 men. The

yisto be made on the 10th of March next, and all 'voithiteers who

may be raised before that date will be deducted from it. The 500,000

summoned in October last are to be included in the 600,000

xquired b the present call, which is therefore an order for an

adaitional levy of 200,000 men.

A bill has been reported in the House of Representatives approyuting 529 ' 000 ' 000 dols. for the army expenses in the year ending

un

se, 1865.

The New York Legislature has resolved to add 2,000 000 dole. to

gm recruiting fund, and to increase the State bounty to 3b0 dols.

A New York letter states that since the outbreak of the civil war

president Lincoln has called out about 2,000,000 men for service in

The Federal army, and 500,000 for service in the Federal navy.

thte an excitement exists in relation to the next presidency. Mr. jjncoln has been nominated by the several State Legislatures and conventions , and it is believed that he will get the regular Republican nomination, although Mr. Chase's friends are advancing his claims

ithgreatenergy. Itisalso said that Fremont will be n candidate.

The nomination of General Grant has been strongly advocated by the ,New York Herald and several other papers; but M'Cleilan, thus far, I seems to be the probable candidate of the Democratic party.

Colonel Colt's pistol factory at Hartford, Connecticut, has been

destroyed by fire: 1700 workmen were thrown out of employment, and the loss was computed at over 2,000,000 dollars. The new I buildings in which minid rifles are made were saved.

The Cabinet of Washington has ordered a Court of Inquiry to I

investigate the circumstances under which an officer of the Federal steamer Vanderbilt shot Mr. Gray, the mate of the British barque Saxon, 'which was captured by the Vanderbilt at Angra Pequena, and I 'which is alleged to have been taken in British waters. According to the miblished accounts of the occurrence and the statements of the

ng)ish crew, an unprovoked murder was committed by Doniphan, the Federal officer: but the Boston Advertiser states that Doniphau I declares the fatal shot was fired accidentally by him.

The Judge of the Admiralty Court at Halifax has decided to restore

the Chesapeake and cargo to the owners, subject to conditions respect

lag the payment of such expenses as the Attorney-General may exact. The Attorney-General demands a surety against latent claims, but the owners of the Chesapeake demur to this.

The hearing of the case of the men implicated in the seizure of the

Chesapeake was still going on at St. John, New Brunswick. Testi

mony was given to the effect that ten of the men who seized the ship were commissioned Confederate officers.
The Prince of Wales has sent to the laboratory at Cambridge

University, Massachusetts, a copy of the photographs of the Samarilna

:Pentateuch taken during the visit of his Royal Highness to ab1ous. In

presenting this gift the private secretary of his Royal Highness writes

"The Prince of Wales desires me to add that he will always be glad of any opportunity which may enable him to evince, in however slight a manner, the lively sense which be entertains of the kindness and hospitality he received -during his visit to the United States; and that, with these recollections, he cannot fail cordially to reciprocate the wish to which you have given expreeslon, that nothing may occur to interrupt the friendship which ought ever to

subsist between the old country end the new." - -

HOUSE OF LORDS.-TUESDAY.

The Lord Chancellor laid on the table a return showing the working of the Augmentation of Benefices Act, under which it appeared that sIxty.seye

livings had been sold, thirty-seven of which fetched £Gg,800, and negotiations were in progress for the sale of fifty-three more.

BrccTIeR AND AMERICAN CLtrns..-The Earl of CR Utvol-T moved fore

return of claims made by British subjects upon the United States' Government,

sustained either in person or property since the secession of the Southern States, specifying how and the grounds on which such claims have been dispoeed of; and to ask for any further information as to claims made by the United States' Government upon her Majesty's Government for damages alleged to be done to American ships by the Alabama and other Confederate cruisers. Re pointed out that many vessels engaged in legitimate trade had unwarrantably been seized, and he alluded to the care of the Saxon, and that of the Tuscaloosa, which had been seized at the Cape, a matter which required explanation. He stated that the claims of British subjects for compensation for illegal seizure

of vessels amounted to no less than two millions.-Earl RUSSELL said that

personally, he had no objection to the granting of the return; but it would be.
very and publication Its would tend to prejudice the o1a1ni o

whICh it would 'refer. He justified the proceedings of the American prize inurte, while as regarded the Saxon ample apology-had i>ten made by the I

asIn of the crican CrUIaOT for What had occurred; and as to the muutr I

41 the mate, all that could be a3utd was that the offender be put on his trial.

The TaEC5I¡¡ nj elzed under the advice of the law ofEnera of the

us repudiated now, as ha had always done, any claims arising out of I

pndaUc5 of the Alabama.
AMERICA.

We have news from Ne York to the 13th tut. Of war move

we learn, among other matters, that General Meade made a ecoiniaisa5nCe on the 6th, on the south side of the Rapidan, where

f  in force, and, alter a brief engagement, retired; that

.GOO Confederates made a demonstration against Cumberland Gap on the p9th nit., but, after heavy skirmishing, were driven back; that (i&aJ Sherman's whole force has crossed the Black River, with a view to a junction with a cavalry and infantry form-it is supposed to flank Johnston and Hardee in Alabama and Georgia; that Admiral p±er is fitting out a formidable fleet on the Mississippi. and that, the siege of Chmieston having proved a failure, General dilinore and Admiral Dahigren had dispatched a land and naval expedition to honda, and, having made a landing at Jacksonville, the expedition was supposed to be advancing on Tallahassee.

On the night of the 2nd a large steamer entered Charleston

azhoux, unobserved by the Federal fleet, and was not discovered ustil the morning of the 3rd, when she had run aground and was her cargo under the guns of Fort Mouitrie. The Federal battenes opened on her, and shortly afterwards she sank.

The British gun-boat Petrel arrived at Charleston on the 5th,

=vMb to caniniunicate with the British Consul at Savannali.

- Dabigren refused permission, and the Petrel put to sea.

A considerable force, sent by General Butler towards Richmond for the purpose of surprising the Confederates and releasing the Pedal prisoners, was discovered when within twelve miles of the city, and obliged to return, The Ric1nwnd £ramine,' mentions the anast of a German as the ringleader of a plot for the release of the juoners and the assassination of Jefferson Davis.

General Meade made a speech at Philadelphia, stating that since Ilsach, 1861, 100,000 men of the Potomac army have been killed and wconde

The Conscription Bill has passed Congress. Slaves between the ages of fourteen and forty-five are liable to be draughted, loyal owners tube compensated.

The Judiciary Committee in Congress has reported adversely to

Mr. Sumn&'s amendment to the Constitution, abolishing slavery, but

reported favourably on the resolution declaring that Congress shall

base power to legislate that slavery shall not exist within the United statm

The German Republicans of New Jersey declare in favour of Butler, Fremont, or any other Radical candidate for the presidency who will guarantee an emancipation and confiscation policy.

An express-tram has been captured eight miles from Harper's Ferry,

*d the passengers have been robbed. It is not known whether the

attack was made by the Confederates or by gangs of Federaldeserters.

The Halifax Admiralty Court has restored the Chesapeake and her cargo to the owners on the payment of legal expenses.
The Times of India says, in its impression. o Jan. 29

":

The Confederate privateer Alabama So on our coast. She captured and

burnt the American ship Emma Jane oil Trovandrnm on the l th Int., and lnndcil the captain end crow at Anjongo on the 17% Inst. The Jiuma Jane

sailed from Bombay on the lithe Inst., bound, to Amherst. The Alabame Is now reported to be cruising off Bombay harbour, lying In watt for tho

American icc-ship now duo, and for several American ships in this port under charter to sea within a few days. It is expected that she may come Into port for the purpose of coaling.'
Mr. Ea1j.buiton ached whether the Government load heard of the capture o a veecel bearing the Confederate flag by a Federal cruiser in the harbour of Pankloar, Nova Scotia, and under the guns of the fort; and whether her Majesty's Government had entered into a correspondence with. the Unitet States on the subject of this outrage.-Mr. Layard said the subject was etil under inquiry, and therefore he could not give any sleSnite reply to the question. He might say, however, that the facts had been brought under the notice of the American Government, and Mr. Seward had made an ainpi apology.

'ITha Bank Acts (Scotland' Bill was -A a --A time

faT1on or sheep had not been successful. p Mr. Loyard, in reply to Sir H. Clifton, said the Government had given its consent to the rcmoval from Richmond of tobacco purchased by France and duetria, provided such a course was not taken no a precedent. Cotton was in another category. It belonged to private individuals, while the tobacco was the property of the two Governments he had named.

-- - . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .- ----- ... a  ...A

THE STEAM-RAMS IN THE MERSEY.

Mr. S. FITZSEIeALD moved for papers relating to the seizure of the steam rams at Liverpool. He did not want those relating to the judicial pro cecdthgs as to the rams, but only those before the seizure. Reviewing the documents which had been laid before Congress on the subject, he said it seemed to him that the Government had no good grounds for the seizure; and he asked for the papers in order that the House might sac whether the law had or had not been overstepped by the Executive.

The ATTOEI'tEY-GENERAL said the papers aqked for were only a frag

mentary pert of the case, and would not give to the House the means or

forming a correct opinion on the subject. He vindicated the conduct of the Government, and said they had made inquiries which proved that the vessels were not, as had been represented, for Egypt or France. That they were intended for the Confederates was shown by a paragraph which be quoted from the report of the Secretary of the Confederate Navy. The trial as to the vessels would take place in May next. The Government had, only vindicated the law, and done what they would expect other countries under similar circumstances to do.

Mr. II0XISFALL declared the proceedings of the Government in the OMO or

the Alexandra, and against Messrs. Laird, to be cruelly unj net, end a profligate

expenditure of public money.

Lord B. CECIL also attacked the Government for its conduct in the matter.

Mr. W. B. FOBSTE1t supported them, and argued that English interests

were eutalnd by the course which had been pursued in the seizure of the vessels.

Sir H. CArROTS at great length criticised the proceedings in respect to the steam-rams, and strongly condemned them.

The Sonic Tolo-Giuslilotu replied to him; and, after some observations

from Mr. Walpole and Mr. T. Baring, the Rouse divided, and rejected

Mr. Fitzgerald's motion by 178 votes to 153.
Earl Do Grey and Ripon, in answer to Lord Strathedan, stated that It was not intended to send military commissioners to report on the operations of the Federal or Confederate armies; but an engineer, an artillery and a naval dEcor, had been sent to report on improvements In artillery and Iron-clad ships in the Federal States, but net to the Confederate States.

TILE STEAli-RAMS IN TILE MERSEY.-The Earl of DERBY again referred to the question he had asked Earl Russell on. two occasions before-whother

her Majesty's Government would give to Parliament copies of the corres-pondence that had taken place with reference to the detention of the rams in the Mersey ? In doing so the noble Earl referred to the reply he last resolved and to the diecusslonthat had taken place upon the question in the House of Commons.Earl RUSSELL said the noble Earl had somewhat misrepresented his reply. The answer he had given was, that the law ocers of the Crown considered the production of these papers would result in an incomplete di seuselon of the legal point at teens in the Houses of Parliament, and so prejudice the result of the cause now being discussed in the courts of law. With regard to the other papers for which the noble Earl asked, he had replied that he would look over the correspondence that had taken place, and produce any further papers to the production of which there could be no objection. The noble Earl then laid such papers upon the table.-After some further discussion, which was joined in by Earl Russell, the Earl of Derby, Lord G-ranvllle, Lord Chelmsford , and the Earl of Carnarvon, the subject dropped.

iia AYFAIRS O5'DENMARK -The Earl M MAT.r,, I
TIT ITjscALoosA.-Lord PALMflSTO, in reply to Mr. Peacoeka, said the Tuecaloosa had beela seized by orders sent out to the Cape. The Government, however, had ascertained that there was no sufficient reason for the seizure, and had ordered her release.

flTeTl PORTS It.
The 2Vn Yoi'1 Herald states that the estimated cost of the

ship canal around Niagara Fails is five millions and a half. It is proposed to build it from the dead Water to Lewiston, with locks SQl ft. long, loft, wide, and 10 It. deep. In addition to this, three millions and a half will be asked for the enlargement of the Oewego snd. Erie canals, and four millions for a canal from the St. Lawrence over to Albany, vid Lake Champlain; and thirteen millions for an enlargement of the flhinoi Canal, from Keokuic to Chicago, so that vessels of 600 tons burden can pare.

MI.- ... ,fl,. .O .
AMERICA,

News from New York extends to the 19th nit. General M eade left Washington on the 15th to resume the permanent command of the army, of the Potomac. The Federal General Sherman occupied Jackson, Mississippi, on th 5th ult., and had advanced to Brandon. A portion of his troops occupied Yazo city on the same day. General Thomas is reported to have moved t&wards Dalton. These advances are considered to be the opening of the spring campaign in the southwest, 'which appears likely to comprehend a combined movement egainat. Mobile; Savannah, and the Confederate armies and strongholds in -Georgia. Naval and military expeditions now preparing at New Orleans are to co-operate. It is asticipated that the Confederates willopn the spring campaign by a fdrmidable raid into Pennsylvania.

President Davis has issued an address to the army thanking the troops for their laerity. He says that "the spring campaign opens endermsapices well calculated to sustain their hopes. Assured success awaits theisstrug1e for liberty and independence."

President Davis -has signed a bill prohibiting the exportation of thbaceo rice, sugar, and molasses, except by special permit; also a bill prohibiting -the importation of luxuries after March next, and dxingthe maximum puce at which articles of silk, wool, flax, and cotton-may be imported.

A despatch received at Washington from General Butler announcesthat Colonel Straight and about 100 Federal prisoners escaped from Richmond by tunnelling under- the balls of the gaol. The Colonel and twenty other, officers had arrived at Williamsburg. Butler had sent. out-cavalry as far as the Chickahominy to assist the flight of the escaped prisoners. Twenty-two oflicers had been recaptured by the Confederates said more were expected to be brought in. The guards of theptsoners were placed under arrest, charged with aiding the prisoners to escape.

General Banks had issued orders restoring compulsory labour in Louisiana under certain conditions, arid declaring that it was the duty of the -people to re-establish the civil Government, and that "indiffererice would be treated as a crime."

The Supreme Court has decided against Mr. Vallandighain's application to annul the sentence passed upon him by the military comk,

The House of Representatives, by a majority of twenty-one, have

passed a resolution in favour of an amendment to the Constitution abolishing slavery.

Details- are given of a wholesale destruction of blockade-runners. The Wild Dayre]1 was run ashore near Stump Inlet, and was com1etely destroyed by her captors. The estimated value of ship ,and cargo was 200,000 dols. The steamer Nutfield, an iron paddlesteamer, ',rhioh sailed from London in December last, and was bound from Bermuda to Wilmington, was run ashore to escape pursuit near New River Inlet. She also was fired and destroyed. Her cargo consfstcd of arms and ammunition, including a battery of eight Wlaitworth guns. Some of - her crew were drowned in endeavouring to reach the shore in a boat. The steamer Dee, a new double-screw iron steamer, recently from London, was run ashore and burnt off Masonboro'. She was loaded with lead, coffee, and bacon. Seven of her crew were taken prisoners. The side-wheel steamer Fanny and yeiinie was run ashore and destroyed in close proximity to the Dee. Twenty-five of her crew were taken

poners. The capture of the Emily, a new steamer, from London,

and of the steamer Cumberland are also reported. The latter was taken while on the passage from Havaunale to Mobile, and was laden with arms and ammunition.
00 death would not be entitled so easy remission 00 0.1100 sentence.

TilE SLAVE Tnin-Mr. Civu asked the First Lord of the Treasury whether her Maeety's Government intended t carry tots execution the provisions of the treaty with the United Sbaleeforthesnpprsasionaj the slave trede by stationing cruisers off the coast of Cuba.-Lord PArereso'foöc said that no doubt the provisions of the document shaded to had beast coloerably evaded so far as related to the French interest in the matter, bed really he thought it was without design In that quarter. Great progress had been nestle in the suppression of the tralfir, and it Eight be depended upon that no inactivity would be exhibited therein.

HOUSE OF LORDS.-ThESDAY.

ALLEGED FunERAL ItEUIOUITTN[A IN rrtEr,ND.

The Marcjliis of Cr,AevRIcAnl)g, in moving for copies Of any papers that alight hye been received by the Government relative to rccrtsitir in Irelautl

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-THURSDAY.

Mr. Long gave notice that on Monday he would ask Lord Patnierston whether the ships of war of the Confederate Slates were allowed the same rights end privileges of searching and seizing contraband of war on the high eves, &c.; and, if not, whether he thought it was extending to them the

same principle of impartiality as was shown to the Fn4tlral States.

TilE POST OPFIOE-Mr. HOP WOOS) asked the Secret- of C for tits
for the army Of the Federal States, inquired whether any retnoistronce against cuch a pr oeedthg had been addressed to the authorities at Washington. It was, he said, notorious that American agents hat been enlisting recruits in the sister island, and, as it was in violation of the principle of neutrality and a breach of internatlenal law, he urged that it was the duly of the Governaten,t to put a stop to it.

Earl Russuea, said he had no doubt that any attempt on the part of the Federals to enlist recruits for their army in Ireland wonli be a breach of the principle of neutrality, and that it was an offence against our own manicipal laws, which, if detected, would subject the offender to punishment, and justify strong complaints to the Government of the United States. On more ilas.a ceco occasion he had already complained that such practices as the noble Marqui e had adverted to were going on on behalf of the Federal Government in Ireland, end he had opened a correspondence with Mr. Adams on the subject. That gentleman had, however, indignantly denied the truth of such eiliegatioue; and, havingreceived that dental, ho (Earl Russell) felt obliged be wait until some case had occurred in which proof was forthcoming.

The Earl of Dorcotunroita observed that the conduct of the Foreign Omoe

in the particular case which had been made the subject of inquiry contrasted meet unfavourably with the course they had adopted in reference to the steam rams.

The Earl of Daunt inquired whether the Government had received any information from the authorities at Cork and Dublin to the effect that persons were in the habit of assembling in these places for the purpose of going through military drill and exercise, ant,, if so, whether they had taken any measures to put down such illegal proceedings.

End Guticyinna rsi,lled that the Dublin authorities had directed the attention of the police to the preoeediegs of the Fanian Brotherhood, and theta was reason to believe that it was a perfectly contemptible Organisation.

The mcticu for. papers was then withdrawn.

-
A Post Office notice states that there will be no dispxtcb

of American malls this week vid Galway, as the company have again failed to -provide a steamer. The Galway Gazelle says The directors of the Atlantic Company have applied to the Post Office authorities for permission to discontinue the mail service between Galway and America until June next. They have also intimated their intention of entering Into negotiations with another company for the use of steamers to commence the servlc3 at that time, as the ships of the company will not be in readiness to sail even then, The directors are reported to be of opinion that they can never carry out the contract with the ships at present in their possession, and will, in all probability, endeavour to effect a sale of their interest in the project, with a transfer of the mull subsidy to some existing company more capable of carrying out the project. Two or three companies are said to be in negotiation with the Atlantic Company on the subject at present.'
SoundizgrfromtheAtZantk. ByO. W. Holmes. (1 vol. Sampson Low, Son, and Narston.) The "Autocrat of the Breakfast Table" needs introduction to (we should hope) very few English readers; and a fresh volume from his pen will, no doubt, find a cordial welcome. The nine essays and one oration now offered in a compact form for public perusal combine, after the author's fashion, fun and serious reflections, and are written in a style which makes them more than commonly readable. The awful war now raging amongst our Transatlantic kinsmen naturally forms one of the topics whhih Mr. Holmes undertakes to handle; arid in the oration appended to his other cornpositions, with the title of "The Inevitable Trial," he discusses at some length the origin, the progress, and the probable result of the great struggle. This is not the place to follow him step by step, but it is compatible with our province to announce that he does not despair of the Republic.

Dan to Beersheba. (1 vol. Chapman and Hall.) A supplementary or, more correctly speaking, an explanatory title is given to this singular book-the alias is "Northern and Southern Friends." We began to read with an impression that the American civil war would furnish the groundwork of the story; but it was not so. Nor is there any satisfactory explanation given of the scriptural title; so that, as we failed to find either Dan or Beersheba upon the only map of America we happen to possess, we were constrained to guess from the hints furnished by the narrative that Dan is, being interpreted, Boston, and Beersheba, Charleston; for Northern friends from the capital of Massachusetts go upon a visit to Southern friends in the capital of the Palmetto State, and there are no other fixed points which the most elastic imagination could comfortably fasten upon as corresponding in position with Dan and Beersheba. The writer's object, we apprehend, is to sketch the habits and manners of both Northern and Southern Americans; and the conclusion we arrived at from the specimens given was that both are almost equally objectionable. There is no attempt at plot. Flirtations, and arguments, and dances, and revels, and slave crimes, and slave-hunts and their attendanthorrors (including anti-slavery meetings and speeches, arid pro-slavery brutality) follow one another with true American independence; and the ultimate bliss even of the hero and heroine (to strain the time-honoured terms) is left to mere conjecture. On the whole, the writer, though distributing ugly features with tolerable impartiality, seems to incline just a little to the Northern side, for which the tendency of Southern lathes (according to the author's representation) to treat lovers slightingly and to sing improper songs, and of Southern gentlemen to propose to ladies under extraordinary circumstances and in Bediamite language, is sufficient to account.

My Days and Nights on the Battle-field. By Carleton. (1 vol. Sampson Low, Son, and Marston.) This is a little work, intended chiefly for boys, giving some account (accompanied by diagrams) of several of the more important engagements between Federals and Confederates in the earlier part of the present war. A sketch of later battles is conditionally promised. The siyle is somewhat bombastic and the spirit is intensely Union.
Captain Cutting, of the American ship Adelaide, has been

I presented by the Board of Trade with a valuable binocular telescope for saying

I the captain and crew of the ship Polynesia, of Liverpool, in December last I When Captain Cutting sighted the ship she was waterlogged, end the orew were I reduced to the last extremity, having nothing but a few biscuits to eat and little rain water to drink

-, --, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .-
AMERICA.

We have news from New York to Feb. 24. It consists mainly of conflicting rumours. First, we are informed that Sherman had reached Quitman, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, with a force estimated at between 25,000 and 30,000 men; that he had defeated Polk, near Bandon, and captured 12,000 prisoners; and that Admiral Farragut was preparing to attack the Confederates at Grant's Pass. A different statement, however, is made in the Richmond papers.. Those papers assert that the Federals have been repulsed with great. loss at Grant's Pass, and that the Federal force at Qu'tman consisted of about 1000 men employed in tearing up the railroad. Nothing is said, however, about the alleged defeat of Polk. General Lonstreet was ru¥ mourcd to have retired from the neighbourhood of Knoxville, and to have retreated beyond the French Broad River. General Gilmore had retunied.from Florida to Port Royal, and reported that his expedition had been successful. The Confederates have been twice repulsed hi an attack upon the Federals opposite Natches, Mississippi. General Meade will retain the command of the army of the Potomac during the next campaign.

The Committee of Ways and Means reported back the bill authorising the Secretary of the Treasury to sell the surplus gold, with a recommendation that it be not passed, and that no further action be taken.

The National Executive Committee had nominated Mr. Chase for the presidency, while the Maryland State Union Convention had named Mr. Lincoln.

VThTA -
COBR&T1i WAR Vgssgts IN BRITISH PORTS-Mr. J. G. Siiw

LwevRE called attention to the course pursued by the agents of the Confederate States of America in fitting out vessels of war and enlisting seaman in the ports of this country in violation of the laws of neutrality.-The tohIclyoR-GRacEnAL said the Government was first of all blamed for siding with the North, and now they were charged with. partiality towards the Serntli. He thought he had better let those two aconoations answer each other. The hon. and learned gentleman then proceeded to defend the Goveremont, and to show that they had done all in their power to act with impartiality

and to maintain a etrict neutrality. PENAL SERVITUDE On fh. 44.
Th Fenians, who have given rise to one or two Thackernyian imitations of Irish bal1ds, have called forth "Mister Smith O'Brine, who once raged like a line (lion) " on the '- Shannon shore," but who now tends the soundest advice in the most cogent of reasoning to his Fenian or Finian friends. "Don't," says he in effect, "don't, my friends, enlist, for the Northern States; it is a roundabout way to free Ireland by getting kilt in America. The Federals only use you, and crush you, and put you to the fore to be slain." Much more to this tune, says O'Brien the King; and he calculates that upwards of 200,000 Irish have been cruelly "used up" on American soil. That this advice will affect Yankee recruiting, we have no doubt; that like words have done so is apparent from the fact that the recruitingsergeants have been shipping loads of Germans from Liverpool to fill the jaws of the Yankee war. Is it not a pity that the German and the Celt did not study Emerson, who so candidly explains that the coarse bodies of the German and Irish are made purposely to manure the soil for the sweet efflorescence of the superior Yankee?

And how "do you keep your health?" as Mrs. Lincoln said to Mr. Sala, but which question we would apply to the American Bird o' Freedom itself. Really, Sir, not very well. The South is not in a state of disintegration, but adheres more strongly than over to its

purpose. Oharleslon is not taken, and, indeed, not one firm step forward has been made by the North. Moreover, one of the Southern commissioners is here back in London debating, or, rather, ready to debate, with Lord Palmerston and Louis Napoleon the expediency of recognition. Surely the heads of the Northern people must be alive now to the hopelessness of their dream of reunion. Surely enough blood has been spilt, and enough groans and tears have been vented and shed. In the mean time, too, the deterioration of American society must have been going onluxury on one hand, license and corruption on the other; sudden fortunes by illicit dealings, shoddy princes, springing up like mushrooms, and firm and stalwart merchants of the old and honourable school falling quickly to decay; these are not sights which exalt a nation. Will not the Yankees at this last hour let their "wayward sisters go in peace," or will they persist to the "bitter end," an end no less bitter assuredly to themselves than to their opponents, who are already growing better under the "sweet uses of adversity"? By-the-way, one ought to notice the clear photographic minuteness and evident truth of Mr. Sala's pen-pictures of "America in a state of war." Nothing has ever been better done in that way. Many object that he says little about the war, and for two very good reasons, let us add. In the first place, his letters are not about the war, but concerning the people during its progression; and, in the second, it is absolutely at a stand-still, as we may gather from the letters of Dr. Mackay in the Times, which specifically concern it.

So w, are told there is f,, 1-, , ,,- fl ,1. .. ,,.5 44. 4 41
AMERICA.

As far as can be gathered from the latest accounts from New York, the Federal movements in Virginia and the south-west have been

failures. General Sherman had been obliged to return to Vicksburg

without effecting the object of his advance into Alabama, and General

Thomas's advance upon Dalton and Atlanta had been checked by

General Joseph Johnston. General Kilpatrick, who had been engaged in a cavalry raid in the rear of Lee's army, had found it impossible to reach Richmond, and had returned into the Federal lines. A forward movement had been made by General Meade, to divert attention from Kilpatrick's movements; but, by the latest accounts, the army of the Potomac was at its old position at Brandy Station. General ideade has again been summoned to Washington to consult witdz Lincoln and the War Department. The Federals have been seriously repulsed in Florida. In an engagement beyond Jacksonville, on the 20th alt., they were defeated with a loss of 1000 men and several guns. At Charleston the Federal sloop of war Housatonic was. destroyed on the 18th alt, by a Confederate torpedo. The Northern crew, with the exception of two officers and three men, were rescued by boats from other blockading vessels. The Confederate guerrilla, Colonel Richardson, has been captured by Federal cavalry.

President Lincoln sent to the Senate the nomination of MajorGeneral Grant to be LieutenantGeneral, in accordance with the provisions of the new law reviving that rank in the army; and the appointment has been confirmed.

On the let inst. the Senate passed the House bill providing for the

issue of 200,000,000 dole, in forty-five bonds; and also a joint resolu.lution of thanks to reenlisted veterans.

In the House of Representatives, on the 20th nit., the bill to

authorise the transfer of 200,000,000 dole, from the 900,000,000 doha.

ten-forty loan into a five-forty loan was passed. The bill also -

authorises the issue of 11,000,000 dole, additional five-twenties to supply

the overplus of subscriptions on the day the loan was exhausted.

The draught in New York has been postponed. Bounties will be

continued till the let of April.

The Confederate Congress has adjourned, after having issued

addresses declaring that the South will make no overtures for peace until the Federal Cabinet shall announce them to be acceptable, and that the Southern Confederacy would submit to a European protectorate rather than to Yankee domination.

A bill has passed the Confederate Senate to establish a volunteer

navy. It authorises the Secretary of the Navy to commission vessels

either in or out of the waters of the Confederate States.

General Bragg has been appointed General-in-Chief of the Con.

federate armies.

Richmond papers contain the following address of General Beauregard to his troops :

Soldiers I-The term of service of some of you is about to expire. You must have seen from the newspapers that your brothers in arms o the -veteran armies of Northern Virginia and Tennessee have re-enrollod, as was to be expected of such men, by entire companies, battalions, regiments, and brigades, proudly retaining the orgsnisatlon intact under which they won renown. Will the men who have defended Sumter and Moulirie fell to follow these examples of soldierly patriotism I

The population of Wisconsin appears to be of a polyglot character,

as the Governor's message is to be printed, by order, in the German,

I Tor egitc, Irish, Welsh, Dutch, and French languages. N w . C

The ago correspondent of the New York Times writes, under

date of the 15th ult.:-14 A gentleman arrived in this city from Idaho

last week says that, when he left, it was estimated that there was 15,000,000 dole, in gold in the hands of the miners, awaiting the means of transportation to the States."
During the - first eleven months of 1863 there arrived

emigrants at New York :-Froni Ireland, 80,601; Germany, 32,801; England,

16,893; Denmark, 1587; Switzerland1058 France, 1195; Wales, 1033; Scot

land, 1664; Sweden, 1000; Italy, 465 ; o1land, 379; Belgium, 1.56; Woot

Indies, 242; San, 152; various others, 574 : total, 146,519.
ongst other curions items of hews only to be found in the writings of the eccentric Manhattan we gather that Mr. George Thompson, a foremost workman once in the corn-law agitation, but now neglected by his party, ha arrived in New York, and has been presented to the sovereign people as "the representative of Liberal democracy in En gland, end the true friend of America." Mr. Thompson did his best to praise America at the expense of John Ball, and said that millions of hearts in England worshipped Fremont! Surely, this is a poor mir for a man to take up in his old age who has done good service in his youth. Pleasant it is also to be told that we hear that for the sake of "making the President poszlar" we are to bare hostility displayed towards England. Oaedjdates for the presidencaxe cropping up like mushrooms. There is not a negro barber inNew York, we are told with pardonable exaggeration, who is not an aspirant for the presidency, and who does not think he has a good chance. If a railzplitteris elected, why not & barber? "I do not believe," writes Manhattan, "In any muiattoa, quaxteroons, or eteroons; give us a pure, unadulterated negro, and I will vote for him"
Mr. Roebuck made an angry attack on the general policy of Lord Ruse11 as Foreign Minister, and, adverting especially to the intention of the Government to remonstrate with President Davis on the employment of Confederate agents in this country, he wished to know whether representations would be made to the Government of Washington with reference to the enlistment of recruits in Ireland for the Federal service.-Lord Palmerston defended the policy of the Government with regard to the American war, and stated that there was no evidence to show that the Federals were recruiting in Ireland. After some discussion the subject dropped.
