yerni reinforcements were arrving at Nashville, where the

forts and intrenchfllcflth were manned by the garrison and the

(Joernment lo-,31s, who had been armed.

The exact position of Sherman in Georgia is fl jag to seine accounts he had been repulsed in an attempt to cross the Jesemee River, while others state that his main army had succeeded it. crossing that river, and, avoiding Augusta and all the other large

',ss making the best of its way to the seacoast. The Con. were rapidly concentrating their forcc. and were bent oh the tJuction of the invading army. It was said that they had defeated the advance cavalry of Sherman in an attempt to open communication with Ileaufort. The Times' correspondent states that the defeat f Sherman's cavAlry took place near the Savannah River. It was reported that General Buruside, with 20,000 men, had sailed froth Fart 3ionroe for the purpose of landing at some point on the Southern coast and Joining General Sherman.

(eneral Grant had sent General Gregg's cavalry on a reconnaissance,

or the purpose of ascertaining whether General Lee was sending any troops from his army to Augusta. General Gregg took and destroyed 5toaey Creek station, but failed to obtain any information, and was closely followed by the Confederates during his retreat to the Federal camp.

The Xw, 1n* Th'rld says that President Lincolnls Message (do

liseted to Congress era this) is conservative in character, and will attn

ax the conciliation of all parties and classes in the North. President Lincoln, it is said, "repudiates the factions which would establish the Ent conflict upon a sectional bmis. and takes strong na~doiwWl = P=rid upon which Democrab; and Conservative Republicans can have have

-larion to stand and rally. Re has been induced to adopt this policy by Mr. Seward, whose efforts have been to unite in a common cause the Conservatives of all parties, and to form out of these elements a new party which will sweep Greely and the Radicals out of esistence." The principal part of the message relates to the present condition of the finances of the country, and to the measures calculated to prevent it from growing worse.

The etuuninatioj of the persons suspected of firing the hotels in )ew York was-begun by a military commission, on the 2nd inst.

Governor Seymour has declined to receiva the British peace address,

but referred Mr. Barker to Secretary Seward, who also declined it, and likewise refused him an interview with Mr. Lincoln. Barker now resenting the address to Congress.

F7Pritia (forcibly taken from Brazilian waters) has been rim into and sunk by a Federal transport.steamer off Fort Monroe. It was rumoured she would be accidentally burnt. The Express regards it as a strange and curious affair, and thinks it will add to existing

complications. The World says the pretence of an accident is too

transparent to deceive anybody. The .Nescs thinks she was sunk designedly, and adds that the sinking does not cancel the duty of indemnity. The Times says the question is vet open as regards the right or wrong of the seizure, but contends that thus far there is no

9und for complaint. Admiral Buchanan and the officers of the = have been sent to Port Warren.

President Lincoln has issued a proclamation announcing the ratification of the treaty with Belgium extinguishing the Scheldt dues.

It is reported that both the Chickarnauga and Tallahassee had arrived safely at Wilmington, and that the latter was about to depart for Bermuda with a carcro of cotton. There were twenty-one blockaderunners at Nassau on 'Tov. 12. The schooner Albert Edward was captured while attempting to get out of Galveston, Texas, with a cargo of 150 bales of cotton.

Gold, on Dec. 3, was quoted at 229.

The Confederate Congress had unanimously rejected the paace

propositions laid before it. --
- The largest church in. the American States, St. Paul's and

St. Peters Cathedral at Philadelphia, was consecrated on the 20th nit. It has bean the work of eighteen years? labour, and has cost nearly 000,000 dote. Threearehbishops, ten bishops, the mitred Abbot of St. Vincent's at Latrebe, and more than 200 priests entered the cathedral during the processional chant. The ceremonies were attended by about 8000 people.
The American Anglsr'$ Book. By Thad. Norris. (1 vol. Sampson Low, Son, and Co.) An American book on angling is a novelty, and yet America has CC thusands of brooks, creeks, rivers, lakes, bays, and inlets" which 14 abound in onme-fish." The author, moreover, seems to be well acquainted wit and an enthusiastic lover of the sport which he has made the subject of his pen, and we do not, therefore, fear a charge of rashness when we assert that his portly, wellillustrated volume is likely to be welcome. Re is both grave and gay, both business-like and playful, mingling the humorous with the scientific, after the cheery manner of most "jolly fishermen.
T1-tu ACTION Or, OIL NVEL LS 11:1s licen examincd by Professoi W. Lvau%, of Marietta College, 01)io, U.S., and the rcults are given il

r. Silliman's American Journal of &Iei 1 ze6. We can only select a few Points

e principal supplies of petroleum ore not diffused between the planes o

W

L

I"' ~C" I

0'

A

ON 0

American

e

0

v Us

L C 0U'

s ofP

principal supplies

atilleation, but are collected in cavities more or less sunken. in the strata yhenco the oil is lees liable to be carried away by running water. It I immon to find large quantities in places where there ore marks of die orbaneo and displacement of the melts. The cavities have been probabl: aused sometimes by uplifts and sometimes by erosion and the diseolvln

oI iw t h t

et  r

t on of water but, whatever may be their origin, they ore net usually of vez eat horizontal extent. On Oil Creole, in Pennsylvania, the greatest quasi ities of oil sro found in the horizontal stratum of sandstone. It would sees iat this rock is veryporone, and perforated, liken honeycomb, withnumsroo cells end fissures containing petroleum. The history of many of the wells i as fellows :-When oil is entered the gee begins to raise it up ever the top

the boring, increasing gradually in force until it projects it into the air ofte to a height of 40 ft. or 50 ft.; then alternately diminishing and increasing I force at regular intervals, but without any cessation in the flow for a loo time. These variations in the force of the gas (the breathings of the earth

they are called) are to be explained on the same principle as before, by sax posing that as the tension of the gas is relaxed by the removal of oil, the go end oil from other cavities around mob in through the pores and slight fissure till a certain maximum tension is reached and the influx ceases; then b the expansion of gas already in the chamber the oil continues to come up, be with a diminishing flow, until a relative vacuum is again created; ails which the influx is renewed and gradually increases as at the beginning. The regular alternations vary in different wells from two or tines times a do to as many times an hour, the intervals, however, gradually increasing i length as the supply of oil is eliminislsed-nsiless, as sometimes happens, Be communications are forced, and the well, deriving new stspplies, starts 0 again with a new period. It often happens that the came well has be periods-one of variation in the flow,, and another of cessation, consoquents the escape of gas. Amore uniform flew maybe secured by making the end at the month of the tube smaller. This is often desirable in order to proves the escape of gas by the oxbaestien of the nil in the cavity down toil bottom of the boring. Sometimes such a quantity will thus rush out, bets the oil raised up by the water closes the passage again, as net only to rend the pump accessory after that to raise oil, but also to diminish materially tI influx of oil from other cavities by reducing the pressure of the gas in the' Oil wells commonly vary in depth from 100 ft. to 800 ft. The deepest are apt to raise oil to the surface as the shallowest. This indicates a great compression of the gas at the greater depth-owing, doubtless, to its cc neotion with higher columns of water. The activity of some wells is increao by rains; ethers, with lose ga, are rendered unpmndnotive till the water 0 be reduced.
AMERICA.

The United States Congress rcassenthled at Washington on the 5th inst., but the President's Message wa-s not communicated until the 5th,

Mr. Lincoln declares that no attempts to negotiate with the South can result in any good, as the South will not be satisfied with any conditions but a severance of the Union, which the North cannot, and will not grant. The Southerners can, he adds, obtain peace whenever they choose by laying down their arms and submitting to the national authority. He will retract nothing that lie has said regarding slavery, and will not modify his emancipation proclamation. He recommends Congress to pass a law abolishing slavery for ever throughout the United States and their territories. The foreign affairs of the United States are in a coisdition winch is reasonably, satisfactory, though unforeseen political difficulties have arisen in British and Brazilian ports, and on the northern frontier of the Union, which have required a just and conciliatory spirit on the part of the United States and the nations interested. He dessns it expedient, in consequence of recent events on the northern frontier, that the Federal crcisers on the great Lakes shall be increased, and that, therefore, the six months' notice stipulated by treaty be given to Great Britain, During the campaign, the hoes and positions previously occupied by the Federal armies have been maintained, and further advances have been made. The navy comprises 670 vessels, and have, during the year, captured 32-1 vessels, The finances have been successfully administered; but further taxation is expedient, and the Federal debt, which amounted to 1,7 10,000,000 dcls. on the 1st of July last, will probably be increased 500,000,1)00 dols. by another year of war. The emancipation legislation of Maryland is mentioned s'sith approbation; and the fact that Louisiana and Arkansas have formed -a loyal State Government is also alladed to, Such is the substance of President Lincoln's Message,

The report of the Secretary of the Treasury says that the expenses to he provided for during the current year, including tbe 'interest of the public debt, amount to 1,400,000,000 dole. The customs, internal revenue, and the miscellaneous sources are estimated to produce 780,000,000 dols.; leaving a balance of 620,000,000 dols. to be provided for. Further measures reduce this increase of the public debt during the Current year to 482,000,000 dols. It is estimated that the pubic debt on July 1, 1805, will be 2,223,000,000 dols. This expenditure in the neat fiscsl year is estimated at 1,168,000,000 do's., and thu receipts at 396,000,000 doln. The balance in the treasury is 350,000,000 dols., leaving 422,000,000 dols. to he provided for by loans, Mr. Feascnden is opposed to the negotiation of a 1oregn lean, and will not resort to a further issue of log'd tenOn: noics
long as the people support the war by loans. Tb, interest payable in gold by the Government is &G,000,000 doig.

A Washington despatch, dated the 6th inst., published in tile B )Øfl

papers, says :-.-" The President's Message seems to be approved by both Radical and Conservative Republicans in Congress. The roadjn,

- in the house -was accompanied by enthusiastic demonstrations"

In the Hiase of Representatives notices have been given of varlnis bills, including one to regulate the value of teoney, another to prohibit, the exportation of gold or silver coin, and another to prevent gold aol silver coin and bullion from being paid or. accsptod for greater value than their real curient value.

11 Lord Lyons took his leave of the President and Secretary Sei'ard on the 6th inst., previously to his contemplated visit to England. Mr. J. flume Bumley will have charge of the British Legation daring the absence of Lord Lyons.

Ex-Secretary Chase has been nominated and confirmed Chief Justj'0 If the Supreme Court of the United States.

General Sherman, with' a. good deal of hard fighting, hal pas

Milieu, which he was unable to take, and was supposed to b making for Darien. The Southern papers say that should he sucesed in reaching the coast it will be with the loss of half his army.

The Federal General Thomas had concentrated his for €s within Nashville in anticipation of the attack- by General aood, who was erecting breastworks before the city,

The FederaLs under General Burbridge had evacuated Cumberland

Gap, and were reported to be advancing against Breekenrice, The Southern accounts assertthiathe was retreating to Knoxville.

No movement of importance is reported from the army of this Potomac.

In the Shenandoah Valley a portion of General Early's cavalry tinder General flosser, had been successful in capturing tw of the Federal forts and destroying a large amount of stores, besides capturing many prisoners.

The New York Chamber of Commerce has officially denied that it ever offered a reward of any kind for the destruction of the Florida.
DIVIDED into thirty-iiinerticlcs, &e Message of the newly re-c' ected President of the Federal States is presented for our consideration this Christmas. The document does not contain much which will interest the English reader; but there are tiumerous details, which, though unexciting to us, are obviouly of local importance, and will probably be the text for many rough sermons in the districts to which they refer. The first mention of this country is of a complimentary kind, and recognises the good will and support which the Government of Great Britain extends to the American project for an overland telegraph by way of Behiingb Strait and Asiatic Russia. There is also a hopeful reference to the revival of the scheme for the Atlantic telegraph. The two great nations, having once spoken to each other across the sea, seem bound in. honour not to be silenced, and we may yet hope that Christmas reeting

may be finsbcd and returned by the marvellous wire. The next allusion to ourselves is of a graver kind. Both nations tilsaimed upon tke Lakes; but the American Government alleges that the assaults and depredations committed in the region adjacent to the Canadian border by inimical and desperate persons who are harboured there make it necessary to increase the Federal armament upon those waters; and England is to receive the six months' notice necessary before that oa be effected. The President., however, does us the justice to disavow any idea that the Colonial Government is intentionally unjust or unfriendly. We are not otherwise alluded to, except in the general mention that most of the European States manifest a liberal disposition towards the American policy of inviting immigrants, in regard to whom Mr. Lincoln is desirous that it should be fully manifest that he neither needs, nor designs to impose, involuntary military service.

We may say, but in no disrepeetful way, that the greater part of the Message is an exemplification of that "crackingup" which our Transatlantic brethren like. We do the same kind of thing here at times, but it is in. a mild and modest way. Everybody likes to be praised, and those who succeed m.,).-,t in life are usually found to be those who have abvay a good word for everybody. The Message, as regards the Federals, is all good words. The finances are successful; the public debt,

though large, is not oppressive, and the citizens owe it "to themselves;" and in connection with it is to be formed a system for creating funded property to be

exempt

from taxation and. from seizure for debts. The national Piia navy consists of 671 vessels,
mention of this country is of a complimentary kind, and recognizes the good will and support which the Government of Great Britain extends to the American project; for an overland telegraph by way of Behring's Strait and Asiatic Russia. There is also a hopeful reference to the revival of the scheme for the Atlantic telegraph. The two great nations, having once spoken to each other across the sea seem bound in honour not to be silenced, and we may yet hope that Christmas greetings may be flashed and returned by the marvellous wire. The next allusion to ourselves is of a graver kind. Both nations dis. armed upon tke Lakes; but the American Government alleges that the assaults and depredations committed in the region adjacenttothe Canadianborder by inimical and desperate persons who are harboured there make it necessaryto increase the Federal armament upon those waters; and England is to receive the six months' notice necessary before that cad be effected. The President, however, does us the justice to disavow any idea that the Colonial Government is intentionally unjust or unfriendly. We are not otherwise alluded to, except in the general mention that most of the European States manifest a liberal disposition towards the American policy of inviti.g immigrants, in. regard to whom Mr. Lincoln is desirous that it should be fully manifest that he neither needs, nor designs to impose, involuntary military service.

We may say, but in no disrepeetful way, that the greater part of the Message is an exemplification of that "crackingup" which our Transatlantic brethren like. We do the same kind of thing here at times, but it is in. a mild and modest way. Everybody likes to be praised, and those who succeed mnst in life are usually found to be those who have always a good word for every The Message, as regards the Federals, is all geod words. The finances are successful; the public debt, though large, is not oppressive, and the citizens owe it "to themselves;" and in connection with it is to be formed a system for creating funded property to be exempt from taxation and from seizure for debts. The national banks work admirably, The navy consists of 071 vessels, carrying 4610 guns. National growth and improvement have scarcely been checked by the war; a now Statethat of Nevada-has been added to the Union, and the territories are rapidly prospering. The Atlantic and Pacific States are to be joined by railways and telegraphs; the mince have produced at least a million of dollars: agriculture is advancing, and citizens in Arkansas and. Louisiana have organised loyal State Governments. The President adds, exultingly, that Maryland is secure to liberty nad the Union for ever, and uo the spirited Confederate hymn, which has become

a Southern national s oug may cease-be wakes, he stirs, she is tot dumb.

Harm she spurns the Northern scam; tthe breathes, she burns, she'll come, she"' eons, Maryland, my Maryland I

The recital of American endurance and achievement must be adutittert by the most om.favourabie critic to contain much nhich baUengeS the admiration of the world. Nowhere belier than in England is understood the reliance which a true

atatcaman reposes in the 'elasticity" of a great people, and

that quality is marveiloinly manifested in the Federal States. se on'aiz. But the rest of the Message is bellicose in the extreme. Mr. Lincoln, like Genus, breathes nothing but flames. He refers proudly to the popular election which placed him oncO more at the head of the nation, with a fierce war.ery, and he proclaims his resolve to eaccute the vengeance of the North. There can be no use in negotiation. The "insurgent leader", has no views of peace. He must be "beaten." The rebels can have peace at any moment by laying down their arms and sub

done, as many have andthc door is stillopen to all. Even

tire excepted lasses knwthat theymay count upon special meroy. But the time may come, and Probably will, when that door

door

must be close and more rigorous measures be adopted. Mr. Linola rctrac3 nothing that he has said as bsla'rery; he
w ;ever reL.ict r modify t cipt.n 1e  jir--ielam -4` an

will flevc rettn t) shutrv nvoi who ba' he fed

terdy, o Lv v ac of (grc; and if tht pe!: i.1 ever *ih such e-cniarement, they must find oa

pr.-On than himself to carry i out.

So, as we come to our Christmas altars and. herti, ozr brehrea again raise the shout of war; and their grand top-c of the day is the fierce rush of Sherman through towns whic.x h

1etves in flames; the grand hope of the day that he will force his way to the sea and suddenly desoend in thunder upon oz

of the great cities of the South. May we have a far diTereot

record for our next Christmas Number! "Give peace in our

time" a ill not be tie lent earnest of the Christmas pra era in Eugland,
I  ECflOBO1" THE

rems but a week since we heard a Message froui lLL :ceboney .Abrabain Lincoln, President of the United States, read on the Senate flotne at Washington. But, lo a whole year has passed, and. again t1:c newspapers overflow with the interminable pargraplis of a rictmcnt which from it yerynnttu'e Mgt be droutby.niid, verbose. Therc are three noticeable features in Mr. Lihoola's vohuninnusMessage. First, that he holds out no hope of any negotiations for peace being fostered by the North. The initiative must be sbt-if itbeset at all-south of Ma-on and Dixon's line. Next that, in the presence of a currency .hinost inconceivably depreciated, and' of, a pilblifl debt which it is stiinated will nent July reach the suno of five hpndrefi millions sterling, he declares the reeotuee of the United States to be inexhaustible- and, lastly, that he holds-put hi,hnliëd. tbre4tagitinat

• Great Bri, by proclaiming that lueaaurs will be ttilieu to jilaca armed vessels on Lake Brie and Lake Ontario to protect the soil of the United States against raiders from Canada. Ameuicau gun-boats on the St. Lawrence may be the ext bep, and then a blockade of the-", and the Clyde and, the Soubimiupton water may follow. The only possibly dignified uve which 0-rent Britain could return.

- under euchcir'cumstaflces would. be,- "Certainly. Bring out your gunboats; butwe will likewise bring out ours, and.-keep thepoaqe together." For American war steamers to have the right, Nomever they ohost, to poke their noses late Hamilton, Kingston, and Toronto, and, perhaps. get down as 'far as Montreal or Quebec would be intolerable, and. would. certainly provoke, are long, that collision with the Canadian people which the Government of the United States profess to be so ixious_to avert. -

-  £

The Daveupotroth'ers would appear to be irrepressible. A Darter. Kicholls has written to the papers to repent that the brethren desire only a fair scientific or practical examination, and are ready at any time, and under any penalty, to prove what they assert-that the manifestations in their presence are not the result of trick, confederacy, or any kind of imposture. They are prepared, they say,

to meet

o meet a select committee fairly chosen, at any place, esreept St. James's Hall or the Hanoversquare Rooms, and to place £huo at its disposal for any charitable purpose if the verdict be against them.. This is all very well as far as it goes; but the, agents of the breblu'en

have resorted to the somewhat indecorous proceeding of sending cir-culars round to a number of literary' and sciatiflc persons, in which,

without a "with your leave" era by yonirleave,C they eirenothinated as members of a certain "test committee." We find ourown. name in one of these circulars ; and although we are in very good company-2&r. Dickens, Mr. Bepworth Dixon, Mr. Lewes, AD, Thornton Hunt, Mr. Tom Taylor, and many others being also enunierateci-we must emphatically protest against being mode a "medium" for advertising purposes by the proprietors of a show. Let those who choose puzzle themselves with "spiritual investigations." The material exigencies of attempting to earn an honest living are quite enough for us. The Davenports are, we dart say, very wonderful people but we are rather bfs with wonuers We have seen Simmonds cut off his own head, and Heller devour his own hat. We have listened to the pytlioness, Corn Hatch. We ha-re heard of a young mien in the State of Indiana who can jump down his own throat; and if we gave any preference to a woadur-workor just now, it would be to one who could tell us how to prevent the pipes freezing, or who could. bring the chartered gas companies to a sense of common honesty with regard to the article tiny annolv.
Among the curiosities at the recent Mechanics' Pair in San

Trencieco were :-"A ton-toed ox, a three-legged calf , a three-legged dog, add

the celebrated upright game-cook--four of the most extraordinary creatures. in the State." -  -

By the last American mail a letter, which i remarkable both

as a documentary curiosity and as a specimen of manufacturing skill, was

received-by the Birmingham Journal. It is written on iron, roiled so thus

that the sheet is only twice the weight of a similar sheet of ordinary

notepaper, The letteris dated "South Pittabtug (Pcsixisyivnuiu), Nov. 6,

1864," said says, "In the number of your paper dated Oct. 1, is".

there is an article setting forth that Johti Biown and Co., of the Atlas Works, Sheffield, bed succeeded in rolling a plate of iron loin. thick. I believe that to be the thickest plate ever rolled. I Send you this epsoimea 01! iron made at the Sligo ironworks, Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, .s the thinnest iron ever rolled in the world up to this time, which iron I challenge all England to surpass for strength and texluity. This, I believe, will be the first iron letter that ever orossedthe Atlantic Ocean.-Yours, &c, JOIIi C. EY4itS,'

The iron is salt to be of exceedingly line quality, and the sheet

is by far the thinnest ever seen in this country. The letter will be deposited

in the museum of the Midland Institute, Tested by one of Holtsappfet a gauges, the thickness of the sheet is found, to be the 1000th part of an snob.., A sheet of Belgian iron, supposed hitherto to be the thinnet yet rolled, i5 thS

666th part of an inch thick, and the th1tlcu0 of an ordinary stect 01 nOte

paper is about the 400th pact of an inch.
Aaeri ;;ici York regiment

their three years' service, has travelled by sea and laud. more - miles, fought twenty general engagements mtrcbetl through IrCeM at Cs, end bee been under Burnoide, Pope, Meio, M'Do well,

an, end Grant. At.
-

THE LAST DAY OF THE YEAR.

fET the year 1864 win come to an end. ngucii

aot mzch given to sentimentality; but if there be a time when there falls a shade or two of pensiveness on the swift-moving urrent of their thoughts, it is when they watch "the Old Year Dot." There is generally a touch of pathos upon the countenance whenever we are conscious of taking' our last look of anything, especially when that thing is a definite and considerable segment of our lifetime. The particular year the final disappearance of which we await may not have connected itself with our feelings by any strong ties of association. It may have been to us a mere continuation of time, without a single salient feature upon which retrospection can dwell with interest. The staple of its character may not have risen above a dead level of humdrum and routine. But when the hour of parting arrives we grow serious, and slide almost insensibly into the reflective mood. We instinctively cast a glance back at the good and evil the year has disclosed during its course, and it is not without some stir of the inner man that we bid it "Farewell, for ever I 11

Whatever materials for reflection the year 1864 may present to individuals arid families, it has certainly not lacked interest

as far as nations are concerned. Great events, both in the Eastern and Western Hemispheres, have marked its progress. While we in this country have been affected by no violent changes, and have been conscious of no shock to public feeling, save such as were occasioned by the vibration following upon startling events abroad, neither continental Europe nor republican North America has got through the ysar without visible agitations and strong excitement. The map of Europe has been altered, but not by France. Germany, which up to the beginning of 1864 had usually been regarded as among the strongest, the slowest, and the most pacific Powers, suddenly snatched up arms, within a few days of the birth of the year, and, before its close, wrested Sobleswig Holstein from Denmark by the boldest and baldest application in modem times of the law of might. Russia has erased Poland from the list of nations, besides depopulating Cfrcassia. England has quietly transferred the Ionian Islands to the little kingdom of Greece. Italy has made only & prospective change; but by the removal of her capital to Florence she has sealed the France-Italian Convention, and quietly waits the moment when, by the stipulated recall of the French army of occupation from Rome, the estates of the Supreme Pontiff will

drop into her hands, and no pert of her soil but Vndk will remain under a foreign sway. The Danubian Prixscipsit1es, following the lead of Prince Oaa, an sUe sdvtwe, here reduced the tie which binds them to Turkey to an Wmod imperceptible thread, and, bet fir dpkasüe ratra~ would speedily and openly prodsia their i*depeaee. The year just about to be consigned to the *epn3.thre of the pest ha seen the initiation of great chazDgee. W1 year will see the end of MoldotAwtM M.51.I&

Glancing from Eurupe to the West we also catch ght of

stirring events. The motion of a new Isspe4al throne in

Mexico, under the "ices of the ?resach ap and the enthusiastic welcome wxxrde4 to M=M' gm br~okbw of Frauds Joseph of Azia, quickens In Ezaropean minds a reasonable hope that that hitherto dir*dnd country, ooijing a splendid position, and rleh beyond calculation in its natural resources, may henceforth enjoy the internal aectrlty req'elsit. for the development of a peaceful and psosperoa MOM OIL the other hand, the Cfederatlon of the &itjh provinces of America, under one cc lttztiona1 Hyw* and one central Government-a co n!icr all but aineUy ooeaatedwarrants sanguine expectations of a fiattlng htnre k an
empire in the north, built Tip in a more rugged clime, mid with hardier and, perhaps, more enduring materials. It is betwee.

the two, over the vast space covered by the United States, that the retrospect of the year assumes its most dismal hues. The close of 1864 leaves the civil contest between North and &nth apparently as undecided as it stood at the commencement. The re-election of Mr. Lincoln is a popular Federal vote for the iontinuance of the struggle. Victory oscillates with strange impartiality between the combatants, giving, perhaps, a slightt balance of advantage to the North, but scarcely affording foothold for the hope that the war is near its termination. Yet,. even here, it is not unminglcd darkness. The same, national 'vote that re-seated Mr. Lincoln in the presidential chair determined upon cleansing from the Constitution the stain of lavery; and there can be little doubt that, whatever maybe the flnil issue of the pending conflict, the "peculiar domestic institrtion" will perish inthe awful struggle wbichit has occasi
AMERICA.

The news from New York. to the 17th inst., is of great imporbni

The Richmond journals state that, on the 14th inst., Sen Sherman carried by storm Fort MacAThater, a fortification on Ogeechee River, fifteen miles south-west of Savannah. The fort only occupied by a garrison of 150 men; but its occupation exial General Sherman's army to communicate with the Federal fleet necessitated the reinforcement of Savannah, A Federal stew which left Charleston Bar on the 14th inst., had brought to York a report that General Sherman, after eight hours' figt had taken the city of Savannah. with 11,000 prisoners: but RicJnoid Examiner stated that, up to the 18th inst.,, the Tied, army had made no attack on Savannah, which was defended b. triple line of works. The railway communication between Savam and Charleston apparently continued t be intercepted by the Fed corps under General Poster ; for the Savannah journals stated t General Foster advanced towards Coosawhatchie on the Sib inst. burned a bridge, but was twice driven back by the Confederates.

From Tennessee, also, there is news unfavourable to the Confeclex cause. General Hood. who, in spite of his late defeat, had pres upon the Federals and 'shut" their army in Nashville, has, accord to Northern accounts, been defeated with great loss by his oppbne General Thomas, That commander reports that he attacked the C federates, on the 13th and 16th inst., and drove them a consider. distance, capturing from 3000 to 5000 prisoners and from thirt3 forty cannon. Another disaster menaced the defeated General's an the Federal expedition dispatched from Vicksburg and Baton Rouge cut o his communication with Mobile having been entirely r
-

The Federal General Stonemv.n has made a isld in the Confederate -General Breckcnridg&5 rear, and, of icr capturing Bristol, Abingdon, andG1aclC Springs, in Western Virginia, is marching towards Saltville.

naval and military expedition, under the command of Admiral porter and General Butler, sailed from Fort Monroe on the 12th inst., and vus supposed to be destined for Wilmington,

The St. Albans raiders have been released by Judge Conrsol, of

ontrta1, n the ground that the Court had no jurisdiction. The discharge of the St. Albans raiders was held wrong by the law

isers of the Canadian Government, and warrants had been issued for their re-apprehension. Stipencliary magistrates have been appointed

by the Canadian Government to take cognisance of breaches of inter-national law on the frontier. Major-General Dix has ordered the Federal commanders on the frontier to shoot any raiders if they could, to pursue them into British teivitory if they should take refuge there, to capture them there if possible, and not to surrender them to the

itish gutborities, but to send them for trial by court-martial at yew York. Resolutions denouncing the conduct of the Canadians, :and directing the Secretary of State to demand from the British Government payment for all cargoes and ships destroyed by British piratical vessels, have been introduced into Congress and referred to the Committee for Foreign Affairs.

The House of Representatives has passed a resolution to give notice to England of the abrogation of the Canadian reciprocity treaty.

According to the Hew You ?c Times, the Brazilian demand for satisfaction for the seizure of the Florida was insolent in tone but Secretary Seward's reply is firm and conciliatory, does not indorse the seizure, and expresses a desire that the matter should be fairly and satisfactorily adjusted.

The .New Yom/ Tribune states that there is a good prospect of the passae through the House of the constitutional amendment to abolish slavery.

The latest quotation of gold at ewYork ivas 128 per cent premium,
Duriiig the last fifteen months over OO(),OOOdoW aen pnk over to the trenourer of the titel States by Marahal Teya, of a ehuootts, as the proceeds of sales of capttro. b1oekade-ruuuer whose ca have been at1udicated at BotoO

-
AMERICAN news, at the close of the year, is very interesting in itself, and seems to have a still graver interest for this country. It is quite on the cards that, without much prudence and forbearance on the part of the Governments of England and of the Federal States, complications will arise which may produce a rupture. Enraged at the liberation of the raiders and ruffians of St. Albans, General Dix, without waiting to hear whether the decision of the French-Canadian Judge was to be reviewed by the Executive, issued orders that, in future, any such outrages were to be chastised by the slaughter of the offeaderu, wherever they might be found, and that they were to be f Dllowed into the territories of the Queen of England, without any regard to frontier rights. Now, it happens that the Canadians have no more sympathy with these scoundrels thth we have, and also that the judgment has been set aside, the Judge apprised that he was wrong, and. orders had been given for the re-arrest of the men, if they have not been wise enough to get out of the way. But, whether this had been the case or not, it is clear that Dix's act must be disavowed by the President, and that, if his orders have been obeyed in. the slightest degree, apology is due from the American Government. Whether the decision of a regular law court be right or wrong, it is not to be borne that it should be followed by a military outrage. But there is more. The Federal papers 'do not scruple to say that Mr. Lincoln meditates war with this country. They assert that he intends to quarrel with us, in order to have a good excuse for terminating the struggle with the obstinate Confederates whom he may occasionally beat in battle, but cannot subdue. We meet these assertions, as we have a right to dc with an expression of total disbelief in their truth. Hitherto, even when our relations with the Union have been most unpleasant, the Government of the States has manifested a readiness to believe in the honesty of our conduct, and we have given Mr. Seward no reason that justifies his abandonment of that belief. We are blameless in the matter. Moreover, the ink is scarcely dry upon our reprint of the President's solemn declaration that the war shall proceed until one party, succumb. We have no right to insult the chosen head of a great nation by assuming that he meditated treachery towards a friendly Power. We do not even put a harsh construction on the notice to terminate the treaty in respect of the lake armaments. It. places us at a disadvantage but the Americans are within the letter of the agreement, and we have no right to complain. I

may be well that they should distinctly understand that, whatever may be the rabid utterances of a portion of our own press. which almost rivals their own in. recklessness of assertion and
wat of reticence arcl good taste, the thoughtful and respect. able portion of ED" O5 at present no belief tlit the GOvCrllfllcIlt of Washington contemplates a crime.

Assuredly we have no intention of meeting swagger by

agger. We are not inclined to boast of what we could do if a rupture should take place. The Amcrican Government knows this as well as Earl Russell does. :Canada, would at first suer, especially if the new. war should be conducted in the spirit in certain of the Northern generals have acted towards men who were the other clay follow-citizens of those who now ravage the Southern districts. England herself is rarely herself at the outset of war. But who doubts the issue? The Union would beat an end forever. Our instant recognition of the Conf*racY would he followed by the pouring through its harhours, whose blockade we should go through as through paper, such armaments as would speedily turn the fortunes of the war, and, aided by the reinvigorated and vengeful Southeens, we should sweep Federalism from the South as we, swept Napolconism from the Peninsula. And we should soon place Osnada in a position to hurl back the invaders, no matter what early successes they might have gained. But it is undesirable to dwell on possibilities which we hope and believe will never arise. Assured that the American Government comprehends time whole question, and assured also that the better portion of the people in both countries would denounce the wickedness of a needless war, we would leave the disagreeable question which has just arisen to the solution of honourable diplomacy.

The end of the year has brought triumphs to the Federal arms. We are imperfectly informed as to the exact position of General Sherman, but there is reason to believe that Savannah has fallen, He had certainly storthncl and taken its ill.maimcd but gallantly-defended fortress, Fort M'Allis ter. The rest of the account is but rumour, but there are reasons for thinking the rumour correct. At all events, after a very masterly display of strategy during his "retreat," by menacing one enemy and another, and bewildering all, Sherman has made his way to the sea, and is in communication with Admiral Dah]grens squadron. If Savannah be not reduced, it has been formidably besieged. We are informed, howevcr.r, that its defences are strong, and, supposing *aat it has not been seized at a coup-dc-main by Sherman his work may yet 'cc heavy. We also hear that General Thomas has bided his time, wwre smw, until he could strike at Hood with effect, and that be has struck heavily, routed the valiant but not oversk-iliiU Confederate leader, and captured many prisoners and guns. The last advices left him about to follow up his blow; but this sequel is not always one in which the assailant is sacceisful. A real "victory" is, nevertheless, claimed. The Wilmington expedition has also been dispatched at last, and the description of the v.rmameiit is very imposing. Wilmington would be afar more valuable acquisition than Savannah, and both sides are well aware of this, and will make proportionate eorts. But, taking the whole state of the war into account, the close of the year brings j-cnowii to the Federal. generals and discouragenet to their ad wersartes, though the, value of the victories, taken at theuc- hghes is not great as besrng upon the izmre of the war. Culter city may ultend, but CoufMeratism will not surrender; and the Union will need almost as maffy garrisons as it can. number of conquered towns if it is to hold. its dearly-bought prizes. The spirit of the South is said to he unbroken. Sherman's march has revealed some of the weakness of the Confederate chances; but in the face of all this time great army of the North is defied, and can do nothing while the successes of its other armies arc won only by despcrateiy hard work and frequent arid fierce fighting. We are strangely misinformed as to the resources of the South if the exhatutton of which we hear so much has brought it ton mcribu'.ii u5ate. -
made his way to the sea, and is in communication wit', Admiral Dablgren's squadron. If Savannah be not reduced; it has been foirohtnbli- besieged. We are informed, however that its defences are strong, and, supposing *sat it has not been seized at a coup-dc-main by Sherman1 his work may yet be heavy. We also hear that General Thothas has bided his time, in wic sno, until he could strike at Hood with effect, and that he has struck heavily, routed the valiant but not overskilful Confederate leader, and captured many prisoners and guns. The last aclviccs left bins about to follow up his blow; but this sequel is not always one in which the assailant is sueeessful. A real "victory" is, nevertheless, claimed. The Wilmington expedition has also been dispatched at last, and. the description of the armament is very imposing. Wilmington would be afar more valuable acquisition than Savannah, and both

sides are well aware of this, and will make proportionate efforts-But, teking the whole state of thewarinto account, the close of the year brings renown to the Federal. generals and discouragemeet to their 5&vezvares, though the value of the victories, taken at the& is:ioi great asbéaring upon the iwuc tif the n-ariwiter city may ur-rend.i, but Co cdeiatistn 1I1 not surrender; and the Union will need almost as maffy garrisons as it can number of conquered towns if it is to hold. itdearly-bought prizes. The spirit of the South is said to he unbroken. Sherman's march has revealed some of the weak1i5 of the Confederate chances; but in the face of all this the rcat army of the North is defied, and can do nothing wiile the successes of its other armies are won only by desocrate.y bard work and frequent and fierce fighting. We are strangaly misinformed. as to the resources of the South if, the enisaustion of uhich we hear so much has brought it to a moribmurri sate,

SCtting entirely aside the irritating topic which has newly arisen, treating as spiteful bluster the menaces of some of the Federal organs, and refusing to believe, with others, that the Chief of the Union is planning treachery, we unhesitatingly recur to the declarations which we have repeatedly made on behalf of the better classes in Englaud._namely, that we eatsiestly desire to see the Americans at peace. We trust to close Our record of the in-coming year with an aUision to the. co:elnsib of the most hideous and irrational war hitherto noticeTi. in history. That a still more hideous and irrational war will Succeed it we have too much faith in a suneritediag Providence to believe.
LQrd Whancljffc writes that the refusal of the Federal

e1oeut to distribute the money raised for the Confederate prisoners will Pp1ly aiftet -the distribution of the fund, "for which," he says, apg, we cau tiC but too many recipients"
