The priipal feature of this month's

narrative of the Atlantic Telegraph expedition, which

been intensely interesting if it had not been apj by ~t

daily newspapers. It is, however, quite equal in mt

has appeared; and if unable to vie with Dr. RtieIj' fcsti

with which it is devoured by contemporary readers, will, at sfl stand a better chance with posterity. Being written from day t while the cable was being laid, it is much more animated matter than the clever summary in the Cbrn1i1t. Both wri a strong opinion that the injury was designed-the wo* of "on, demon in human form," as Mr. Deane styles him. The h,t* another clever paper-Mr. Stanley Poole's review of Palp, Arabian travels- has also been largely anticipate& Deh1btfe1 alk Paigrave's book is, the public have by this time bad neazly -ozo it it, and will but too probably overlook Mr. Poole's warm aai po, defence of Mohammed against the traveller's very barny geasg.

tions. Both the novels are extremely good this month; of Sleat" is a spirited poem, and the papers on '(al' "Erasmus in England' are very pleasant reading. As with the Cornh ill, one of the best papers in Frr is rsent of an old autobiography. The story of the Chom1e. y full of interest, and very pleasant as evincing th_ good old English type of the country gentleman. .1. I1._.

Jger.j Bédff chronicle of the Chomieys to Mr. Conway's sketch of that of the mired human elements of the whole world "-e

Like all he writes, it is very entertaining reading. and is renisitslie for a savage attack on the leviathan political "wire-peikr, Thurlow Weed, and a quiet assumption that the day of the York Hey-aid is gone by-because, we suppose, its caistin only double that of any other paper. There is a singular aisis about Aaron Burr, who is said to have spent the last znesha at W life watchinv for the foundered ship that should have broaght has, daughter. ! fact, Burr survived his daughter and his WOMAN e twenty-three years, so surely, even in this material age, do y embellishment transform the history of the beet-known men: be
-----o--  v-

A new narrative of the American Civil War s lackwood, and promises to be along one. The writer a a dragoon, for whose manly proportions and strength at mb v have the editor's assurance, while we may tale his own for k* opinion of himself. Too much time is lost in prelimina narrativ09 01

e bids fair to be characterised by that unreasoafag xdMV which distinguishes most of the literary monuments of &ceia. 14 however, the writer was General Stewart's Aide-de- Oansp b!
(Thaee. It is added that General Butler is about to be appointed to

assist the Attorney- General. in conducting the prosecution. It appears

that Mr. Davis continues to be strictly guarded, and that he is not

allowed the privilege of correspondence, except with the counsel engaged in his defence. Fortress Monroe despatches of the BLSt nit. report that Mr. Davis is ill with erysipelas.

The trial of Captain Wirta continues, though not without some

bitches.

President Johnson has issued a proclamation removing the trade

restrictions with the southern States on all articles previously declare

contraband of war, subject only to such regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe.

A letter from Philadelphia states that the President is contributini, by his conduct to add to the great party that is gradually closing arouni bun in support of Ins measures. Re has given the associated pres authority to announce that the restoration of the writof habeas corpu 'will he ordered at an early day'- has telegraphed to the Mississippi. Reconstruction Convention that tile military will be removed from the State as soon as the new Govermncnt s in successful operation; has ,closed up the Provost-Marshal's offices in Wisconsin and North Missouri, end turned the marshals adrift; and is gradually reducing the military force all ever the country.

It is announced that the cotton crop is this year likely to be less

than half an average.

A Union mass meeting has been held at Richmond, when resolutions were passed to express indignation at the, suspicion of the Northern press and people that the Southerners were insincere in taking the oath of allegiance, and to express their loyalty to the Government, and also their acquiescence in the result of the war, including the abolition of slavery. It was also recommended that aj'zm]ar meetings should be held throughout the south.

The Democratic State Convention of Ohio was held• on the 24th nit,, and General George W. Morgan was nominated for Governor. The platform adopted opposed centralisation , maintaiue the doc

trine of States rights according to the Virginia and Kentucky reso-lutions of 1798, but denied the right or power of secession, denounced negro suffrage, the suspension of the habeas corpus, and continuance

o martial law; considered the national debt a national curse; and,

'while regretting the non-ratification, in April last, of the Sherman

Johnson peace agreement, resolved to support President Johnson in

all constitutional efforts to restore the seceded States to the Union.

Bands of guerrillas still keep up an organisation in Mississippi. The

steamer Keoto was recently captured by them, the officers and crew lobbed, and everything portable on board carried off. Outrages and murders are frequent. To check this lawlessness Governor Sharkey has called for an organisation in each county of at least one company of volunteer cavalry and infantry. Cotton-stealing, by the negroes, is also prevalent.

131 B. if ethhurn has been committed to The Tombs prison. A

meeting has been held of his creditors, when it was- voted to accept a

dividend of 60 per cent-50 per cent to be paid by Nov. 1, and the remainder in three months. The liabilities are said to be 4,000,000 dols. and the assets 8,000,000 dois. The firm of Thomas Ketchum will resume business; but no provision will be made out of the assets for the payment of B. B. Ketchum's forged cheques.

An extensive bed of pure white marble, susceptible of a lustrous

polish, and said to be sufficient in quantity to supply the whole ifissiesippi valley, has been discovered in Sank county, Wisconsin.

When last heard from, the Shenandoah was continuing her depre

dations among the American whalers, and two Federal ships of war have been sent in pursuit of her.
Ocz more the Americans have taken a step in advance of the

old countries, and we record the fact with some humiliation, while giving the fullest and frankest recognition of the good sense which has been officially displayed by our cousins. A legal tribunal in America has solemnly declared the Spiritualists to be mere jugglers, and has decided, therefore, that they must pay the jugglers' tax to the State before their exhibitions can be permitted for the future.

Alter what has from time to time appeared in these columns upon the subject of the mischievous and impudent quacks in question, our readers will not bc surprised to see that we hail this decision, tardy though it be, with unqualified satisfaction. The sentence which places the knaves in their true position, which strips them of the mock dignity into which they had. lifted themselves by dint of audacious profanity, and which puts them among the knife-awallowers, fortunetellers, and card-manipulators, is, of course, a most sensible and righteous sentence, but that is not all. It formally degrades them and makes them ridiculous while they tamely pay the tax, and subjects for the care of the police if they dare to refuse to pay. They are pronounced to be more or less diverting vagabonds. Had they taken this position when they first showed themselves in England we should never have noticed them, except with the goodnatured praise we give to any other entertainer. Arnouutebankmaynot be a very dignified. member of society, but he may be an honest man. Honesty, however, and Spiritualism are, it would. seem, bitter enemies. Even the better educated idiots, who allow themselves to be mystified by jugglers' jargon and jugglers' tricks, and who profess a spiritual belief, can never tell the exact truth when making a statement on the subject, and they wriggle angrily under cross-examination. Better morals were not to be expected from the illiterate and greedy quacks who trade upcn the folly of the believers, and it was still less to be expected when we remember upon 'what trash, in the shape of evidence, Spiritualists framed their miserable faith. To have said, "The 'world calls us jugglers; we accept the name, and hope to convince, in spite of that name," would have been the course of a philosopher. But to have said this would have been to drive away 90 per cent of boobyism, which is ever ready to be deluded, but insists upon gravity and long words from the operators. So we had

- pretensions disgusting and even blasphemous, puffs as anscrupu

lens as those of the quack medicine-vendera, and testimony as large as was desired and as valuable as the pickpocket's alibi. Much mischief was done, much plunder was gained, and now the country in which the humbug was invented brands it on

* the brazen forehead with the word jugglery.

The news comes at a fortunate moment; for we perceive that

the most notorious of these spiritualistic quacks, after throwing the English press off the scent by causing it to be circulated that they had slunk back to America, have appeared in Paris, and are said to be making a success, Portions of the French press are as unprincipled as portions of that in America, and are as open to pecuniary influences, and, we have no doubt that bribery has done its work in the procurement of many of the articles which we read. A cynical love of mystification

r also characterises some of the French journalists, who revenge themselves for ranch enforced silence by talking very wildly upon topics on which they are left free. It is, perhaps, hard to refrain from occasionally hoaxing solemn and pompous, but credulous, folks, who give themselves superior airs-and this is not an unfair description of a good many well-to-do people in Psria and elsewhere. The two agencies we have indicated are wrkirg in favour of S ritua'ism in France-the hirelings are carniug their ray ni the cyiics are affecting to he sstonishe&
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

Fort many years, so those entitled to decide declare, London has not

be so empty as it now is. There cannot be above two millions and

a half of people left within the five miles' radius. I took lately, for

the first time these many months, a walk down Regent-street and

Oxford-street, by Waterloo-place to Oharing-cross, and so through Whitehall and Parliamentstreet to Victoria.slreet. I was bound to do it, for I had. with. me an American friend who, although he had inhabited Paris for eleven years had never been in London before, and who was to leave the next day for New York vi Liverpool. The depletion of the fashionable quarters was, to the eye of an experienced Londoner, as evident as on the Derby Day, otherwise the only day in the year on which Babylon seems positively empty. I was bound to show my Transatlantic friend all the lions in the space of about seven hours. So, with the assistance of another Londoner, we took him from Westminster to the Crystal Palace. There was nobody there, Then we hired a fly, and drove him across country through the exquisitely beautiful green lanes by Lewisham to Greenwich. There was nobody to speak of at the Ship, and we each had two waiters, speaking every European language? to attend upon us. It is something after all to be able to give a friend whitebait for the first time in liii life. Our Yankee was quite a stranger to that delicious fish, if it be a fish, which I doubt. It was a sensation. "Well," he said, "it's the first time I ever ate twenty-four pair of eyes at a mouthful." When he heard our companion, who is a gourmet, order the waiter to be very r uucular in giving us " black devil," as well as " led devil," after the.

-.t instalment of "bait," he opened his eyes. Sensation the second.

He started, too, the ingenious theory, which he at once put into practice, that whitebait are best eaten with the fingers, like the fried potatoes at the lake of Saratoga I am sure Briflat Bavarin, had he ever become acquainted with "bait," would have agreed with him. They won't give you a soup-ladle, and they are always slipping off the prongs of your fork. rhey are crisp and cleanlywhat more do you require but nimble fingers and a table-napkin. f commend this hint to the notice of "Thalestria," the epicurean correspondent of the pall Mall Gazette.

 Now, when you have a foreigner with you, especially an American,

you like to dine him at your club, do you not I' There maybe a spice of pardonable vanity in exhibiting to him the sumptuous palace, of which, in consideration of a payment of half a score guineas per annum, you are the twelve-hundredth part proprietor, Alas I the clubs have been given up to the scrubbers, and plasterers, and whitewashers. The carpets have been sent away to be beaten - the window-curtains have disappeared; the library-shelves are bookiess; the gorgeous flunkeys axe in mufti, and display their shapely calves in shorts and silks no more. A fiunke' in mufti is as unseemly an object as a soldier on furlough, with his jacket unbuttoned and his neat stock replaced by a coloured neckerchief. The very hall porter has gone out of town for his holiday, and the page-boy who officiates as temporary janitor is not quite certain about your name and gives you somebody else's letters. This i the time for an adventurous stranger to risk the rash essay of exploring, uninvited, the peuetra]ia of a London club.

The Athenssum is being completely restored, renovated, and beau

It inside and out; and, with its new coat of stucco and frieze cleared from the smoky accumulations of twenty years, makes a noble appearance at the corner of Pall-mail. The few members who remain in town are enoying the courteous hospitality of the Senior United service; but I am told that some of the waiters, accustomed even as they are to hot-spoken colonels and peppery majorgenerals, complain of the short tempers of the Athenaeum bishops. A right reverend father over an ill-cooked chop must be fearful.

The mention of my Yankee friend reminds me that a very distinuished American officer and man of letters is sojourning among us lust BOW. My readers may have seen a recent letter in the Awe, signed "H. A. Wise," on that dreary topic of the treatment of Federal prisoners by the Confederates and pointing out that which Northerners and Southerners alike shoulã acknowledge as an undoubted factthat the manuscript order to burn Richmond and slay Jefferson Davis alleged to have been found on the corpse of Colonel rye Dahlgren, who fellin a Quixotic raid on the Confederate capita], was a wicked forgery. Mass laisons Id ces misèras. "H. A. Wise" is Captain, commonly called " Commodore" Wise, a very distinguished officer in the United States navy, the head of the Bureau of Ordnance at Washington, and the author of a, most amusing book of travels in Mexico called "Los Gringos" and of a wonderfully-sensational nautical romance called "Captain Brand of the Catitipede." To all English tourists who have visited Washington, and in particular to all those gentlemen who have been attached to her Majesty's Legations in that woful city, the name of kindly and humorous "Commodore" Wise must be familiar, and will awaken the pleasantest reminiscences.

F 1. r L L L -
THE FENIAN MOVEMENT.

IBBLA2]) is a singularly unlucky country. Her best opportuni ties scarcely ever have time to become visible arid. awaken hope before they are knocked over by some unexpected casualty. An evil sprite seems to dog her footsteps arid watch for occa. .sions of tripping her up as soon as her course is onward. She lad already begun to prosper arid. take heart, after the fearful calamity of the potato blight, when she was thrown back again into trouble by three bad. harvests in succession. She is just beginning to recover from the despondent mood into which they plunged her, and now she is infested with political boils and blains in the shape of Feniatiism. There can be no doubt that this disease has been imported from the West, that it spreads by contagion, that it fastens upon the lowest class of the community, and that at present it defies all curative treat. inent, Unfortunate Ireland She may have her shortcomings, but really want of good luck seems to be among the worst of t4em.

We should do Ireland. and. the Irish great injustice if we should. deal otherwise than compassionately with her and hers, under this new infliction, The political malady, the ugly 'symptoms of which are now atacting attention to the sister isle, is by no means national. As it was not indigenous, so neither is susceptibility to it produced by what may be called native causes. Difference of race, of religion, of political

party, of social standing, will sometimes explain the sudden appearance and. presence of political epidemics; but to none of them is the phenomenon of Feriianisrn in Ireland fairly attributable. Celt and Saxon, Catholic and Protestant, priest and clergyman, Conservative arid Liberal, residents in towns and farmers in the country, alike denounce and dread the fever, and are alike anxious to see it effectually stopped. It preys only upon ignorance, arid a very moderate amount of knowledge is an almost certain prophylactic against it. It is in Ireland., but not of Ireland. It is not formidable; it is not even likely to become so; but its very existence is mischievous, And perhaps its chief power for mischief resides in its aptitude to divert public attention from the real arid the removable disadvantages of which Irishmen may justly complain; arid to lessen the sympathy between the two countries. For Ireland's sake, therefore, far more than for that of England, it behoves the Government to crush the evil in the egg.

 No one can wonder at the extreme reluctance of Lord Wodehouse to grapple with sedition in so strangely ridiculous a form. Fenianism may be vigorous enough on the other side of the Atlantic, and, perhaps, has in view aims which if they are not recommended by good feeling are at any rate feasible. The hatred of England which there organises itself in a sort of open conspiracy might, possibly, if encouraged by

President Johnson arid Mr. Seward, leave its mark upon Canada; but over here, in Ireland, "the brotherhood" are simply pushing a number of silly young people into a dangerous position. It is not to be imagined, for a moment, that the rulers of the United Kingdom, any more than the rulers of the United States, will tamely witness a disintegration of the enipire. It is not conceivable that the union which the all but illimitable resources of Great Britain are pledged to maintain is likely, to be torn asunder by -A mere transatlantic faction or,. if Ireland could be temporarily occu pied by them, that they could permanently retain it. Nothing could be more farcical than the supposition that 'what would require an immense and well-organised force, acting in aid oi strong national feeling, to effect, will be accomplished bj a few secret societies, in each of 'which there is r traitor, and which can pretend to no better means 01 compassing their end than that of drilling the silliest of the peasantry by moonlight. Altogether, the swagger of Feniaaiszn has been so loud, and its means so contemptible that the Irish Government is really to be excused for having let it alone until now. Of course, it knew everything accurately enough; for conspiracy evermore breds plenty of cowards who will 'vie with each other in selling information to the police. It may be pardoned, therefore, if it hesitated to interpose in so supremely ridiculous an affair. It was entitled to hope that
the }let, if there was one, would be suffocated by Its oW

alsuidity. That hope having proved vain, it became amercifu

(cernment to dissipate a delusion 'which could only injure it

unhappy dtpes by drawing them into closer connection Wi,ti

crime; and we trust that 'what it has done it has done so cam

ltte1y to save the gulniest from worse perils than any t ,which they are now eipc.ed.

'When Lord Wodebouse ha made up his mind to move,

ocd to pnn Hairjngqtiet1y taken full Pr ution against an outbreak, be committed the execution of his plat exclusively to the *rli force. They were qñlte, competent fo the occasion. 81muitaneoiy, or nearly so, they took complet I psesaicu of the centres of the confederation. They bega their work on Friday, and by Saturday evening they had ltd bands upon neaxy everybody and everything connected 'wit] Jaraism in Inland. which may be said to have constituted it vitality'. The Irish People-the representative journal of tb brotherhood-together with the chief portion of its staff au effects, was cleverly captured in Dublin; the leading con apirators in Cork were at the same time noiselessly arrested Here and there, in other districts, active offloers of the con ftderaey were taken. After the braggart speeches addressed t

 Ferdans in America, which hinted at the complete organisation

of acute half-million of enthusiastic brothers in Ireland, all

waiting impatiently the signal for rending the Union in twain

by irresistible force, the upshot f this sudden raid by the police is, as might have been anticipated, contemptible enough, One might be almost entitled, but for other evidence of the most decisive character, to imagine that the authorities had been misled as to the proper places for casting their nets, so utterly insignificant is the take which they have landed. If, Indeed, they have not got hokL'óf the brain and heart of Fenlanlam in Ireland, where are they? How is it that in this crisis they do not appear? How happens it that no trace of them can be discovered? What are the half million of sworn and organised conspirators about, that they suffer a few hundred po]icc men to haul their brethren through the streets and securely lodge them in prison? Perhaps they were irkin by surprise; but four or five days have since elapsed, and not a sgn of their indignation is to be seen. On the contrary, the almost universol feeling of Ireland. so lax at least as it has been displayed hitherto, is one ef satisfaction. this could not have been if the Irish population were to any appreciable extent mixed up with thin burlesque of a national conspiracy. There would have been a visible show of sullenness on a somewhat extended scale, even if there were no movement: or, if not sullenness, then fear, arising from a consciousness of being compromised. But there is neither. Dublin and Cork go about their ordinary business as heretofore, and only think and talk of what has happened as they would of any other matter of public curiosity and gossip. We conclude, therefore, that all that there was of Fenianisni which required to be pot under restraint is already 'within the grasp of the xecutive authority; and that the little bubble which has just burst really constituted the windy force which mystery and brag had exalted into a power capable of defying and dethroning the Queen of the United Kingdom.

Thus far, then, Ireland fairly claims congratulation that she his pro-red herself so slightly susceptible of the political -virns 'which it was sought to infuse into her blood. There have been times in her history when the base attempt might have been more suecesful, although we are not aware that the Irish nature ever xnanifestcd any strong affinity to flepublicanism. These times, happily, have passed away, and the number of Irishmen having anything to lose are few who can discern any promise of national prosperity and progress in separating the destiny of their country from that of England. We are con. vinccd that their loyalty will, if possible, increase the desire of the Imperial Parliament to deal considerately, justly, and

,.'441, T,.;,,,,. ,,+.,,,,,.,,. w,. ---------
ger.croualy with Irish interests. We trust, moreover, that oven

in rgari to this travesty of treason Government will unite

lenity with finrrness. The emissaries from America, who have so gratuitously striven to get up a rebellion, will not, we hope. be elevated into comparative dignity by having, on conviction, to suffer the penalty of death. A sufficient term of penal servitude will better become them, while their dupes may be even more indulgently treated. It is not always politic to render to crime when allied with excessive folly the full measure of its legal deserts, and we venture to believe it will not be thought so in this case. Hitherto, the affair has assumed all the features of a farceit would be a great pity to convert it, by unnecessary rigour, into a tragedy.
IThlTJiI) STATES.

The President has pardoned en-Governor Brown, of Georgia. Be has

'written a letter approving of the formation of militia companies thxonghout Mississippi, and expressing his opinion that the people should he trusted with their own government.

Mr. Davis's health continues to improve.

There is a very unsettled state of affairs in the south, especially in Mississip1i, where there was a constant clashing of the military and civil authorities. There was a general feeling of uneasiness arising from the fear of a rising of the freed blacks.

The New York Democratic State Convention has passed resolutions denouncing military rule and negro su±age and claiming the equality of the States. The resolutions also indorse President Johnson a reconstruction policy, state the obligation upon the country for. the payment of the national debt, and support the Monroe doctrine.

It is stated that at a Cabinet Council held at Washington on the

Mexican question all the Ministers but one were in favour of the tai

quo. President 3obnon said, he would reserve for his message to Congress the expression of the policy he intended to pursue on the question.

President Johnson had made a speech declaring the policy of the

States to be the maintenance of Republicanism, and, by peaceful

means, the establishment of free institutions throughout the American Continent.

The Wirts trial, after an adjournment of several days, has been

resumed. Several coloured witnesses have been examined, and additional evidence has been taken as to barbarities practised upon prisoners by Captain Wirtz. One witness swore that Wirtz killed a boy by striking him on the. head with a pistol another that Wirtz had punished prisoners attempting to escape with severe whipping, ball and chain, and hard, labour.

The grand u'y has found eleven indictments for forgery in the third deee against Ketchum-one being for grand larceny.

The .IVcw York Times says that the public sentiment, except among the Irish element, though disapproving England's course dining the rebellion, decidedly opposes wax.

Mr. and Mrs. Kean have been playing to crowded houses at the Broadway Theatre, New York.

It is officially denied that President Johnson had invited Mr. John

Bright to visit America in a Federal frigate.

Addresses, expressive of deep regret at the assassination f President

Lincoln, have bean voted by both Rouses of Parliament, as well as by the City Council of Melbourne. Similar addresses have also been voted by the other Australian colonies.

-----r i . .. ,. 4i-,  J
Three thousand one hundred and eighty-one persons lost

their iivcs, and nine hundred and thirty-five others suffered bodily injuries by accidents, upon American railroads or steam-boats, or by explosions of ou-cler magazines, or the fail of buildings, in America, during the period betwen the close of the 'war for the Union and the gist ult.-just live mouth-.
"ato,e Last Words" from Mr. Tohn Ruakinhare appeared on the vexed question of domestic servitude; but all the brilliant rhetoric, subtle argument, and overflowing illustrations, from classical authors and others, of an accomplished scholar and earnest thinker will not, I am afraid, enable Mateamiias to cut the "gordian knot." A lady, writing to a contemporary, and taking a purely Church-catechism view 6! the question, places it, I must confess, in a very practical light i and her reasolung, fifty years since, would have boon held irrefragable. The poor, she points out (quoting Scripture), are never to cease out of the land; the poor must not expect the luxuries which riches only obtain; servants belong to the poor-ergo, they should know their stations, refrain from pining after "luxuries," and think a holiday once a month quite sufficient. In a word, they should be content to do their duty "in that state of life into which it has pleased God to call them." But what is the state of life into which anybody is called? Who, b the help of industry, education, and good. conduct, does nothope tome above hisorigin? Is theambition toriseasin? The grandfather of the first Sir Robert Peel was a day-laboucr. Should his descendants be contented to remain in the "state of life" into which their grandaiawaa "called"? An American girl will very rarely condescend to be aservant at all; but when she does enter a house. hold as a "help" it is merely with the desire to save up enough money to purchase a wedding trousseau. One Transatlantic "help" I knew went away and married a shoddy millionaire; and I saw her after. wards, all ablaze with diamonds, at theNew York Academy of Music. The Catechism view was very tersely formulated by Mr. Dickens in "The Chimes:

Oh t let us lore our occupations,

Lire upon our daily rations,

Be the SquIre and his relations, And always know our proper stations.

The good lady on whose letter I have enlarged states that she has

had twenty years' experience in teaching and training girls for earrants, prov2din them with situations, keeping up a correspondence with them, and inviting them annually to a tea-party; but it does not apear to hare struck her that, an the facifities for education increase anca as servants become better educated, exactly in a proportionate ratio do they become ambitious to do something better than wait at table, clean the knives, and make the beds, with " a day out" once a month and "no followers allowed.

[ fl1 t. , fr*fl 4. tb ??iVOiut-%•Th, ,.c +hA
In America the same rumours o an intended 'cnian invasion prevail as in' Ireland. The New York correspondent of the Times states that the entens are remarkably active in the northern States, and that large funds are being, collected and sent to Ireland, or expended in the purchase of arms. The Roman Catholic Archbishop of St. Lonis, much to his own honour, hM gone so for as to exclude members of the association from the rites of the Ohuroh. The Peniane at Springfield, in Illinois, have issued an appôaItthe A.merIou for funds to aid, an "uprising people.!' They assert that no "oppressed people" has ever been blessed with a more complete Organisation than the Fenlan Brotherhood. The day has been fixed. for theeetbliehment of a pro. vislanl government: 200,000 men are sworn to sustain it; the American and Irish officers who have joined the movement are silently making their way into Ireland; and operations axe to be inaugurated sooner, much sooner, than any of you can believe. Each steamer on her arrival at Queenstowo. froNew York or Boston la boarded by the police, who, as a telegram states, iearct the pasacngers luggage for arms or treasonable documeuts
The Story of the Great March. By Brevet Major George Ward

Icichols. (Sampson Low, Son, and Marston.) Hamlet calculates, upon

certain data connected with his father's death and his mother's second

marriage, the probable duration of a great man's fame. Accordin

to a similar calculation, therefore, it is just possible that the won still cherishes some faint memory of the assassination of an honest man and the termination of a great war; for it is less than six months since Lincoln was sent 'before his time to sleep with Washington, and the heroic Lee and cautious Johnston, with inferior numbers and inferior resources, were forced to succumb to the tenacity of Grant and the daring of Sherman. Our newspapers have had the Atlantic telegraph, sensational murders, the cattle plague, international fetes at Portsmouth and Cherbourg, the romantic tale of the bridegroom groom, and the like interesting topics to take the place of "the latest news from America;" but, prhaps, there yet lingers amongst us sufficient interest in the late War of Secession to make men anxious to read the true story of that wonderful march which is unequalled in the annals of military matters, which has made the name of Sherman illustrious to all time, and which contributed as much as, if not more than, any achievement to crush the Southern Confederacy. The writer of this "Story of the Great March" served upon General Sherman's Staff from the commencement of the "retreat" (as it was the fashion, in certain quarters, to term it) from Atlanta to the conclusion of the war; and his account should be, and there is no reason to doubt is, trustworthy. It is written in a "popular" style, and is illustrated in a "popular," not to say sensational, manner. It is founded upon a diary kept by the writer, and is interspersed with all sorts of anecdotes, amusing and saddening. It will very likely disappoint the scientific reader, who would look for a masterly criticism of Sherman's motives for his daring project; of the grounds for hopes of success; of the rules of war violated or conformed to in the conception and execution of the design; Bud of the precedents for such or similar (if there be any such or similar) undertakings; and there will be some who will find fault with the writer's style-saying that it is not sufficiently elevated for the subject and remarking how very differently the late Sir William Napier would have treated the history of a gigantic campaign, but the average reader will no doubt like it better as it is. The author, in his preface, writes by what seems to be a curious inversion, "I have told their story simply, and, I hope, honestly;" for it certainly does appear that a writer might be more doubtful about his simplicity of expression than his honesty of purpose. That the humorous element is not wanting to the narrative one can show (premising that a "bummer" is an unauthorised forager, or, in plainer language, a self-elected plunderer, which is much the same as a robber or thief) from the following extra€t (p. 166) :- During the skirmish in front of Fayetteville, one of our Captains, who was in advance of his men, crept, in a citizen's coat, up to a fence, in order to get a better look at the enemy . . . . Suddenly he was confronted by a ragged and barefooted fellow, whom he instantly recognised as one of the 'bummers.' The recognition, however, was not reciprocal; for the 4umm exulted in the thought that he had caught a Rebel, and proceeded to salute him thus-'HaUoaI just stop right than,' surveying his extremities; 'I say, come up out o' them boots.' 'I couldn't think of it,' was the reply; 'they're a fine pair of boots, and they are mine.' . 'Come out o' them boots. P'raps you've got a watch about your breeches-pocket; just pull her out. No nonsense, now; I'm in a hurry to get arter them Rein.' 'Perhaps you would like a horse 2' 'A. horse?' (the bummer's eyes sparkled). 'A horse? Wall, now, you jia come up out o' them boots, and we'll discuss that ar' hose question sudden. Where is the boss?' 'Oh! he is right near by, in charge of my orderly.' 'Thunder I are you an officer of our army? I thought you was a Reb.' And then the 'bummer' went to the rear under arrest, disgusted beyond measure." If there were many 'bummers' in Sherman's army, it is not surprising that the robbed and infuriated Southerners executed lynch law upon some.

 The Life of 2res'ülent Andrew Johnson. By G. W. Bacon. (Bacon and Co.) A compilation from cyclodia, annual, newspaper, and all that kind of literature, combined with information (not of a voluminous character) from "private American sources." The whole amounts to not much more than was already known, which, in a few words is that Andrew Johnson was born of very humble parentage at Reeigh, North Carolina, on the 29th of December, 1808; that he was at a very early age apprenticed to tailoring; that, as he sat on his shop-board and listened to a benevolent gentleman who read to the journeymen, he was fired with the ambition of learning his letters; that he learned them self-taught, or assisted only by his fellow-work

en ; that soon after (1825.6), setting up in trade for himself (or

as a journeyman) in Greenville, East Tennessee, he married a wife who was also his schoolmistress and taught him the mysteries of the three rs; that in 1828, and twice subsequently, he was elected alderman, and, in 1880, mayor of Granville; that after three years of mayoralty he was, in 1885, "elected member of the State Legislature for the county of his residence;" that, in 1848, he became a member of Congress, and was returned to Congress for nine successive years from that time; that, in 1858, he was raised to the dignity of Governor of Tennessee, to which office he was re-elected in 1855, and which he "filled until 1857, when he was chosen to a seat in the United States Senate;" that, on the 19th of December, 1860, he spoke and was virulently assailed for speaking strongly against "the right of secession;" that he was burnt in effigy at Memphis, and received many ether proofs of the estimation in which he was held by Secessionists;

+I,.#. -F+- +1, t'., ,.
u.ucr pruoxa of me estimation in wnicn he was held by Secessionists;

that after the capture of Fort Donelson, and consequent evacuation of

.Nashville, in 1862, he was appointed Military Governor of Tennessee, where, on his own responsibility, he proclaimed freedom to the slave; that, in 1864, in appreciation of his sufferings for and devotion to the Union, he was elected, and, on the 4th of March, 1865, inaugurated, Vice-President of the United States; that on the assassination of Abraham Lincoln he became, according to the provisions of the Constitution, President; and that, in fact, he has risen from the lowest position through every disadvantage to the height of mighty kings; that, in a comparatively short space of time, he has shot up from the soil and reached the dimensions of a notable mushroom. Mr. Bacon gives several extracts from the Presidents speeches; but, either from partisanship, or, it is preferable to think, delicacy, makes no allusion to an occasion upon which the late Vice-President behaved with an eccentricity and spoke with an incoherence not clearly traceable to his well-known temperance principles. Anecdotes are related illustrative of Mr. Tohnson's sagacity, determination, and fine feeling, especially with respect to his antecedents and the little volume is decidedly readable.

'Ma1t,h,r.at MA- U,,I,,,.il
We have news from New York to the morthn of the 16th inst.

A delegation of prominent citizens representing the nine Southern states have had an interview with President, Johnson, to arm their allegiance to the Constitution and the Union, and to express confidence in the President's policy towards the South. Mr. Johnson, in replying to the sentiments expressed by the delegation, said he was glad to see the Southern people, after submitting the question of secession to the arbitrament of the sword, and having lost the cause, now frankly admitted their defeat and were willing to become good citizens. The Government would do all in their power to restore civil authority in the South, and he hoped to see them again fully enoyin their old position in the Union. The Government had no disposition to deal harshly with the South, notwithstanding the speeches published in various quarters breathing a different spirit. Though dreading disintegration, he strongly opposed consolidation. The delegation thanked the President for the generous and magnanimous expression of his kindly feeling towards the South.

It is reported that all troop, except for garrison duty, are to be withdrawn, from the South. The conflict between the military and civil authorities in South Carolina had been amicably arranged.

Conventions for revisions of the constitution of Alabama and South Carolina assembled at Montgomery and Columbia, the respective capitals of those States, on the 12th and 13th inst. No important pro

imp have yet been reported. At a 'meeting of the citizens of G d ex 8  econtly held

~tiu r"nes an ~ash`ugtc 0 un r's r olmson a

A d it n 0 ti t J

R,o sta as es 0 at'e h e id

hi "a re8to at" v80 a amilto. was

wr d  Co- per

s st O~ve d Pro i i n I Govel 01.

e_ r on solicited to appointan early day for a revision of the State Coust itution. The Massachusett's Republic Convention was held at Worcester, on the 14th inst. Colonel Alexander Bullock was nominated for Governor, and the Hon. William Chaplin for Lieutenant-Governor. Resolutions expressing confidence in President Johnson and pledging, the State to support his reconstruction policy were adopted. The Convention considered the Southern leaders should suffer condign

rishm nt but recommended pardoning the Southern people. Senator

niss e ,

.inner made a speech in which he stated that neither the rebellion nor slavery was ended, nor would be, until the negroes were placed upon a full equality with the whites before the law.

A bancuet was given, on the 9th ult., in Meadville, Pennsylvania, on the Atlantic and Great Western Railroad, to the English capitalists, Sir Morton Palo, Mr. James MHenry, Mr. Brassey, and suite, who are on a tour of inspection of the public works and other enterprises of Canada and America.

Three whaling-vessels--one of them having on board löO sailors from vessels destroyed by the Shenandoah-arrived at Honolulu, Sandwich Islands, on An 16. They report the total number of captures the Shenandoah at thirty vessels, twenty-sin of which were burnt and bonded.
he .?i'cr YoiJ T,iliuna gives the I

narrow escape at Niagara of Professor Ruggles, of Dartmouth College :"hlle 'walking on Goat Island with a party of lathes, one of them dropped her parasol, which slid some l Oft. or 20 ft. down the bank of the river. Mr. Rttggleo 'went down and picked it up, hot on attempting to return, the bank being steep and the ground hard, lost his footing and fell down to the very brink of the precipice, which at this point is 80 ft. or 90 ft, high; hero be caught hold of theroois of an upturned tree, thetrunk of which hangs over the abyss. The shock caused the tree to shake violently, and it appeared on the point of failing over the precipice. The ladles shrieked and called for help, but no assistance was at hand. A. movement on the part of Mr. Rngles or a gnat of wind seemed enftloitnt to cause the tree to fall. At this critical moment sue of the ladles took off her basqulne and eltirt, cut them into strips

gut eha'w]s and other articles of clothing from the rest of the party, tied then togcther, fattened a atone to the rope thus formed, and let it down to Mr. Doggica, who, taking hold of it, walked slowly up the bank. It was a moment of fearful suspense. The rope was hold firmly by the ladies above, but it might untie or break, and a fall of 100 ft. on the rocks below must he the In.. evitable result. When Mr. Thiggles reached terra drone his fair recncr, who had shown such remarkable presence of mini, fainted, and wet tnon lima in n onconsciells state.
if the United States were suddenly, and without consulting her, to erect a republic in Belgium. Even our respect for the memory of an able and good man, too soon lost to us, can hardly induce us to treat such an argument gravely, or to admit that it has the slightest value in enabling us to estimate the facts. The most that can be said in justification of so feeble a suggestion is, that Mr. Cobden was endeavouring to touch a Frenchman on his weak point-national pride; but the recipient of the letter must have smiled at the ratter helpless effort.

It might have been better had one whose words deservedly

commanded respectful attention in America called the atten-tion of the Republicans to one circumstance which might be thought to merit consideration from any people possessed. of ordinary good feeling, not to say of a sense of decency. The Americans might, indeed, without Mr. Oobaen's reminder, have recollected that -annexation, to adopt the polite word, was practised by them upon Mexico, on a very large scale, and not twenty4years ago. Some of us here, who are troubled with memories, can easily recall the revolt of Texas, which had. previously and by system been. filled with adventurers from the United States, and, the absorption, a few years. later, of that province by the Northern Republic. But everyone remembers bow the long-sought war with Mexico broke out, and how ii terminated in 184r8, when this Mexico, over whose interests the Union now desires to watch so tenderly, was compelled to give up nearly 600,000 square miles of territory to the Stripes and Stars, whereby New Mexico, Upper California, and a large tract of country east of the Rio Grand del Norte, became American. We are not inclined to say that it was not a good thing for these districts that they came into the possession of a civilised Power, and. law and order took the place of robbery and jobbery. We believe that no change could have occurred in the condition- of any part of Mexico, for the last half century, that would not have been an improvement. Our American cousins have greatly benefited the territories which they acquired in this highhanded manner. But, considering that the plots to obtainthem were just as deliberately planned as the conspiracy of European rulers against Poland, that the Mexican plunder was gained just as the Polish plunder was gained, and. with quite as little real title on the part of the spoliators, we must be allowed to think that in any new effort for the civilisation of Mexico the Republic might discover what a Frenchman calls a splendid opportunity of holding its tongue. The Americana, however, have many virtues and merits, but nobody is in the habit of including among them the tame qnaiit-y called good. taste.

 Mr. Cobden says, rather dogmatically, that no human power can restore Mexico to order, or bestow on it the blessings of civilised progress. This double proposition is strong, and. we may be forgiven for thinking that it is rather too strong. We

have no reason to believe that a military Government, for

instance, or a Government, like that of France, which wraps up its bayonet in the stamped paper of legality, could not at all events enforce order in. Mexico by the same stringent process which has been employed by France elsewhere. Mexico is a large country; but its population i not very great, and in all probability does not exceed the amount of that of Ireland some years ago. The Census of 1850 gave the number at about seven. millions and a half, over an area of about 800,000 English cquare miles. Making all allowance for the extraordinary difficulties offered. by the character of portions of the country to military operations, it is idle, to say that France, in earnest at the work, could. not enforce order for all material purposes in a region like this, leaving moral agencies to exert themselves afterwards. It might be safely affirmed, in speculation, even if the brief history of the Maximilian dynasty had. not proved the fact, that in the large towns, and in. the better portion of the country districts, there must exist a hearty desire, not for the success
districts, there must exist a hearty desire, not for the success of this or that army, but for a system under which men's lives, freedom, and purses should be safe. A. government of order has already obtained the support of the best classes, weary of the constant struggles of adventurers and of the unhappy condition into which those were thrown who had aught to lose. The country has always been in a transition state, and this is only another word for a demoralisation, at which the patriotic Mexican must sicken. We do not think that it is too much to say that the class in which the true element of strength resides is at heart in favour of the Empire, and. with the support of that class we do not see the impossibility of what Mr. Cobden declares to be impossible-namely, the establishment of order, at the very least.

For nearly forty years the condition of Mexico has been more unfavourable than that of any country on the globe. The attempt at a Consitution was a failure from several causes, the chief, perhaps, being the effort t combine. Old and. New 'World institutions and the difficulty of making these work harmoniously. But the want of character and conscience in the statesmen and leaders of the country would have prevented any system from working for the benefit of the people. - Intrigue followed upon intrigue, and the victor of the day sought only the advantage of himself and his partisans, while the defeated faction, instead of accepting the new state, of things, instantly set to organising plots for fresh attempts -at dominion. It was no wonder that the United States, eager for accession of territory, soon. spied the nakedness of the land, and marked out a prey on which they pottnced with more celerity than dignity. The dictatorship of three years was disastrous, and the clergy, who are among the most troublesome specimens of the priesthood, were never fairly taken in hand and taught their true place by any Government that has yet essayed to administer Mexican affairs, Central and Federal Republicanism have been alike tried, but in vain, and the condition of Mexico at length became a scandal and

PEnEAULT speaks of certain unhappy illustrations as "comparisons with long tails." Probably a comparison more cauclally gifted than one which has just been published, with the honoured. name of the late Mr. Cobden annexed to it, has scarcely been penned since Perrault wrote. In alluding to the affairs of Mexico and French intercention in that region, Mr. Cobden says that we ought to consider how France would feel
outrage to the world. Whether the United States might not have interfered more advantageously than a European. Power could do may have been a question; but it is one no longer; the Northern Republic had its own affairs to attend to, and France, having cleverly sought but signally failed to enlist England and Spain in the business, has undertaken the settlement of Mexico. The wishes of all lovers of order went with the experiment, not because they admired the exertion of force, but because the settlement was a necessity, and Mexico had been showing for years that she was unable to tifect it. We cannot see that the right course has not been taken; and, at all events, the course is up to the present moment successful. The rebels have been defeated, their leader Las fled, and the last news is that the Republic of Mexico has ceased to exist. In spite of Mr. Cobden's conviction, therefore, -order is in a fair way to be established in Mexico, and, we desire to believe that moral progress also is at no distant date to

commence; - -- -
You have all heard of the St. Albans raid-of the impudent exploit of the Southern filibusters under Bennett Young, who parsed over from Canada, plundered all the banks, stole all the horses in St. Albans, and shot a livery-stable keeper. Not far from St, Albans, in the State of Vermont,' is a place called Burlington. Here there bar just taken place a "raid" rivalling in turpitude and impudence the famous deed of Bennett Young. A citizen of Burlington has just eloped with no less than three married ladies, and "made tracks"to Canada. One of the injured husbands bar started in hot pursuit of this "gallant, gay tbario" in triplicate. The other two, wiser, remain at home. I am sorry to bear this about Burlington; for the affair reflects grievously on the State of Vermont, which is a very moral State, and has adopted the Maine liquor law. It is only in the western and "wild cat" part of the Union that you expect to hear of matrimonial eccentricities. If you will only reside, for instance, six months in the State of Indiana you may obtain, at the e use o a dolla a divorce on almost any kind of plea. 11 In, at f t few t, rs' is a serious ground for divorce there. There

p !bili y of ~raper

x~~

_(7c "divorce lawyers" in the Atlantic cities who make up periodical excursion-trains of clients to the capital of the "untying State." You may often see an advertisement couched in this fashion:-" I start for ludianopolis on the let proximo. Couples wishing to join (i.e., to be disjoined) will please communicate at once to 'Alpha,' 301, West Old Hundredth-street, N. Y."

Mention of the naughty man of Vermont leads me naturally to the recently-published volume of "Artemus Ward Among the Mormons," to which is prefixed a very graphic and sensible introduction by Mr. IL P. Hingstou, who war .Artemus's companion during his journey from California to Great Salt Lake City and thence north again. Skimming over those pleasant pages, I have discovered that the choral nuisance, the intolerably coarse and stupid "comic" song of "Jolly Dogs," with its meaningless refrain of "Slap, bang! here we are again I" which bar been yelled at music-halls and ground on street organs innumerable, bar, after all, a Yankee origin. Mr, Hingston beard it sung, nearly three years since, in a stage-coach - in Utah by three "saints "-a Mormon bishop, Brigham Young's son-inlaw, and the manager of the Great Salt Lake City theatre. The chorus to the American edition-is "Rip, slap ! set him up- again I" There is nothing new under the sun.

11 .4. 4! Al - ~T A- 11 1
SCENE FROM "RIP VAN WINKLE," AT THE LDBLPKE T}tBATBE.

THE new play of "Rip Van Winkle," a dramatised version, by Mr.

Dion 8oucicaul of Washington Irving's moat genial and humorous story-in which the hero, one of the early Dutch settlers in New York, falls in with the goblins who haunt the Katakill mountains, and drinks their magic liquor, causing him a sleep of twenty years-is likely to have a long run at the Adeiphi Theatre. The new American actor, Mx. Jefferson, who appears as Rip Van Winkle seems as though he had created the character himself so perfectly &oes he enter into the author's conception of the loose-lived, lazy, lounging fellow, who lets his wife turn him out of doors and then becomes the 'victim of the mischievous imps, with the ghost of the old pirate, Heudrik Hudson, at their head. Our Illustration shows the scene in which poor Rip Van Winkle is compelled to quaff the fatal potion.
