pelled to retire on the army collecting under General .Johnaton for the relief of Vicksburg. During their occupation, which lasted two days. the Yankees were guilty of every kind of vandalism; they sacked houses, stole clothing from the negroes, burst open their trunks,

and took what little money they had, besides which th%t=

drove off the

stoutest and strongest, against their will, to work on enta and behaved, indeed, more like savages than civilize s. i arrived here the day before yesterday with the reinforcements, a

portion of which you see entering the town. I rntered it with them We found a large part of the place in flames, buildings being fired indiscriminately by the retreating enemy, who fled pdpxtately before our advance.
lLLtSTBATIO1lS OF THE RIOTS IN NEW YORK.

THE ATTACK ON THE TILIDUNU BUILDING.

Cnon upon dusk a crowd, small in numbers, had gathered before

the Tribune office. A few groans, a few cheers, and some ' Ri hi's !" left one at a distance in doubt of what was going on or intended; but a closer acquaintance with the feeling of the crowd showed clearly enough that a very rough demonstration was in contemplation against the said office. A gradual ebullition of hostility, first among a parcel of boys in front, and gradually extending to the rougher and more determined spirits behind them, broke out into a regular attack. A crash of glass was heard, at the sound of which nunibona of lookers-on immediately stampeded, as if the neighbourhood had i ecome aircady too hot for them. But crash followed upon crash, doors were rent open, and all the sounds of a speedy demolition of counters and furniture inside told that an entrance had been effected, and that the work of destruction under many hands was going on.

To the first body of the more active participators in the stone

throwing and window-breaidug epeiffalions, were added, with the rush

of a hurricane, an immense body from the direction of OhaiThirnstreet, who joined in iramediately, and the work of destruction inside the bnilding was evidently cubumating to what appeared must be ike final result of the conthued attack-the complete destruction of the Tribnse buildings. The first stone was thrown at a quarter to eight

'clock. In a very few moments the lower portion of the building was taken possession of. In almost as few moments the police u3peared, walking up leisurely through Nassau-street; following them pretty closely, and as leisurely, came a second body of about equal numbers, both numbering not more than about 15() men. They baited between Beckman and Spruce streets; there both joined and formed in column at theciagic sIgnal of the "baton on the flags." The

 centents of the lower part. of the building were then flying through broken windows and gaping doors, hundreds of ready hands aiding int7ie work of destruction. This halt of the police had a purpose. But a very brief time elapsed from the forming of the column in Nassaustreet 'when an answering signal on the flags was beard coming from sonic distance in front. The same moment the whole body, of police in Nassau-street rushed forward in a charge, baton in hand, some of the forward men raising the cheering cry of "Hi, hi 1" which was as cheei-in'gly answered by numbers of people on the sidewalks and doorfronts, and by clapping of hands as they rushed past. Two bodies of police on the same instant charged from two other points converging on the very centre of the crowd, through whom they dashed, scattering them like chaff before the wind. Down they fell by dozens in the street, the fellows who had got into the office of the Tribuae tumbling. over each other like Merry Andrews as they hurried to escape from the scene of their own depredations, often stricken down as they rose

by the touches of the Inevitable baton-Nemesis, which mercilessly descended upon them. Instantaneously the streets were cleared.

A NEGRO HASTGRD.

Intense excitement prevailed on the west side of the town. News had reached the people up town that their fellow-citizens were in omn resistance to the draught. The feeling was, as in all other sections, very severe against the negroes, and several were badly beaten. At last, towards night1 one negro got into difficulty with awhite man; loud words followed, and the crowd set upon the black man. He retreated a little way, and finally drew a pistol and discharged its contents into the crowd. The ball took eMeet in the breast of one of the assailants, who fell forward as if killed. The negro, terrified at the act, took to his legs and ran with all possible speed towards Hudson-street, the ufflay having taken place in ()ormeila-street, where he lived. When near Hudson-street he was overtaken and severely beaten. Re was thin stripped of all his clothes except the shirt, and a rope was loudly demanded. One was procured from a store near by-a stoat clotlics-line--and it was attached to the negro's neck. The other end ma then slung over a tree, and he was drawn up several feet. Some of them then set his shirt on fire, and the sight presented was a frightful one. The body remained hanging, surrounded by a dense cicwd of people, who shouted and yelled, pursuing every negro who :ado his aJ)pearance. At last orders were given to have the body cut down; and this was done, a large force being detailed for the purpose.

THE RIOTERS tTTTINO THE TELIOGIt.4PIi WIRES, AND .BITING THE PROVOST 3IARSEAn's lXOflS5 ON 5IE.

The rioters, having arranged their plans, began to move down town by way of 'Fifth and Sixth avenues, until they reached the vicinity of

end ]ihrt.y-aeventh streets, along which they proceeded in an casttrly direction. When they arrived at Fourth-avenue, along -which the New Haven and Harlem railroad tracks run, it was aug.

gcatod that the authorities might telegraph to Albany for troops. &arcely were the words uttered when the axes were laid at the foot of the telegraph poles, and down they came with a terrific bang. That part of the wires that could net be thus destroyed was divided. by means of men climbing the poles, throwing slings, stones, &c. until the wires were severed and tendered completely useless. Another hi audi wire, leading from the railroadto Third-avenue, and that alon'Third-avenue, were similarly damaged, and then the crowd again move, i on to the Provost Marshal's office. This office w'te situated on the noil li-east corner of Third-avenue andForty.aixth.stxeet. As soon as the people bad reached this position they began to flank thcbeidiiig o the
u;-cmxc. and on that part of Forty-sixth-street which leads to Secondavenue. When they had taken a position to suit themselves the signal was made to commence the attack. This signal was given by the throwing of a large atone through one of the panes of glass, and as soon as this was done a rush was made for the entrances and windows.

After a very short interval, and before any of the persons in the upper part of the premises had had time to remove their furniture, the flames burst out of that part of the building where the offices were held (on the ground floor), and soon were master of the entire edifice, which was four stories in height. A current of wind blew the flames across Forty-sixth-street, and soon a number of frame workshops and rapidly to arrive at the scene of the destruction, and made a few vain efforts to plant their apparatus

crowd., however, refused to let

them work, asserting, in positive terms, that they should not extinguish the flameanntil the intended work of destruction had been accomplished.
GENERAL LEE CAMI'AIG N IN PENNSYLVANIA..

\VF present our readers with a. carefully-prepared map of that part of Pennsylvania which has already been made interesting and important by the several expeditions end battles that have taken place therein. Should the war be prolonged, it 'will doubtless again become the acean of momentous events. Our Map, it will be seen, embraces 1?ittsburg, Philadelphia, Harrisburg, and Washington, and points out very clearly the line between the Northern and Southern States, called "Mason and Dixon's line." This line was surveyed by ]Lam and Dix,n during the last century, and became the means of settlino1d and troublesome contests between the independent nationalities which claimed jurisdiction under grants made by the Crwn to William Penn and Lord Baltimore. The circular lint on the north of the State of Delaware became the startingpoint of the survey. Beginning at this circle ten miles from Newcastle, the survey goes due west to a point near the Ohio River. Mould the future boundary of the Southern Confederacy, however, be fixed in accordance with the wishes of the South, it will no doubt be macic to follow the Susqnehamixh River, said thence duwu the Ohio and up the Missouri and the Platte.

It would be vain to speculate upon the motives which in luce:l the Confederate Goverzmtnt to order General Lee's advane north. B,yond doubt, the difficulties of the task were underrated; and, after the succession of reverses sustained by the array of the Potomac, President Davis may well be excused for not having foreseen the gallant manner in which it fought under the command of its new General, Meade. A great object of the advance was, of course, to make the North feel more acutely the burden of the war and to supply the army with food and forage. But, beyond a doubt, more important results were expected, and there is no ground for regarding the failure of General Lee's campaign as anything less than a severe, if temporary, blow to the cause he fights for.

 General Lee effected his advance, which was over the extensive

rivers, mountain ranges, &c., of some 16 miles of country, by

throwing forward cavalry fornes on the east side of Bull Rim moan

talus to Leesbttrg and the Potomac, in order to clear the country of

Federal signal-station; which, posted on the mountains, gave no hm

of his movements. Lleuteuant-Gtnerah Bwell, the friend and suc

cessor of Stonewall Jackson. then marched by a route in the rear of those mountains, and, deflecting his course north and west, crossed the Shenandoah River between Salem and Winchester, and fought General Mulroy at the latter piece, General &. P. EM followed, Loiagstreet bringing tip the rear.

Sufficient forces were left in and near Richmond to defend the city

ngainsttbeformal advance ofnnarrnyof 6.1,000 or 70,000inen; but not enough to take the field and check the inroads of marauding lenties who might, therefore. approach almost within sight of the city. and do damage to the railroads, &c.

3 marsh Milroy was routed, and several thousand prisoners were taken.. The rest of his forces escaped by night, scattering over the country and reaching Pennsylvania by various routes. General Ewell thence crossed the Potomac River lit several fords above Harper's Ferry and below Wilhianisprt. lie steadily arli-anced. nib. Hagersto.vn, Maryland, to Chainbcrsburg and Gettysburg, Penioiylvanis.

Bodies of cavalry were dispatched in every direction, destroying

Federal property, public bridges, railroads, c,, but respecting the

lemons and property of private citizens. General Stuart's cavalry advanced to a bridge over the Baltimore and Washington Railroad (the only rail connecting Washington with the United States), at Beltevifle, fourteen miles from Washington. He destroyei the' brides of the Baltimore and Susquebannah Railroad, connecting Ilaltuncre with Harrisburg; rained the track arid bridges of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, connecting Washington and Baltimore with the West, and compelled the Foderais to burn briden over the Susquehanush River, to chock his advance on Philadelphia, and Harrisburg, one of which cost a. million dollars. Besides this contributions on towns and cities were levied, In one case, £30,00G was exacted from the city of York. Pennsylvania.

When General Hooker left the Rapprthsnnock, Long-street

advanced to the Potomac; and when General Tfokur crossed the I Potomac Longstreet was still in advance. enernl L assuming that

1 he could engami Hooker with Losw'street's divi.n employed the corps of Eweif to open the way te' Pennsy1van. It was at this juncture that General h[oolter, with great sagucty, rmgnad his cain

The particulars of the battle of Gettysburg ate still fnsh in the

recollection of our readers. Although tint forces of General Lee were

far inferior to those under th command of General Meede, he hal

the advantage of liandlingretcwart troops who had acquired confidence

in many a hard fought and vIctorious field. Against this advantage,

however, Meedo had uudonbthdiy the superiority of nuuib,, awl nosition. The Federal an fought well and long, the battle raging or three days. ton the an fought, fought, the combined forces of two of y' ntesuints-.Ccnerais A. I. Hill and Ewell-fell upon the aUrruce of Meitd&s army northwest of Gttysburg, and drove it bt, with great slaughter, tunic two miles and a half to the south vi t1,at to-ii.

The second day there u as a general engagement, extending over

miles of ground, and cQltttsting the strong position to which General Mtude had fallen back, Loin manuling all the roads and affording

xce1ltnt defensive njc,k o the Federal army. On the third thy,
axe, long doubtful, seemed inclining to the Confederate brigades of fresh troops arrived to reinforce General d changed the fate of the day. Simultaneously with this so received advice that a large force of the enemy was rrupt.ing his trains. He immediately fell back upon n, and prepared there to decide the great event of the war. aible to say what, but for General Lee's recall, might have Much might have been expected from the Confederate ikill, and the character of his troops; but, on the other position was not altogether favourable. Meade was adcm the southcast; another corps neared him along the e Susquebannah, from the east; a small division advanced from the west, and all the Federal forces that had collected a Perry were pouring in from the south. Meanwhile, a a of cavalry hung upon his rear, taking up the stragglers, if his army. But at this juncture the Confederate rate

Govern

med by the fall of Vioksburg and the threatened attack on , recalled him, purposing, it is said, to entrust to Lee the cit of the important movements rendered necessary in the ;outh. And so ended the aecond. Confederate campaign in ma.

As this region, however, may hereafter become interesting, either by future battles or treaties, we append the following facts concerning the principal towns.

Pitteborg and Philadelphia are connected by one of the finest railroads in the world. It is somewhat less than four hundred miles in length, and the journey is made in about fourteen hours. There are eight lines of telegraph wire running the whole distance. Pittsburg is the Birmingham of America. It is exceedingly wealthy. A quarter of a century ago its &e used gold forks, spoons, &c. Iron, coal, glass, steel, copper, kerosine oil, pottery, cotton, woollen goods, shies,

are made there to an enormous extent. The Map shows its situation between two navigable rivers and at the head of a third, which is avigable for large vessels for one thousand miles down to the Mississippi River, and thence up and down one thousand miles each way. The city is surrounded and commanded by hills, some 300 ft. high, which are now being fortified. General Bratidoek, an English General of last century, was killed at "Bra4dock's field," twelve miles from Pittsburg, on the north bask of Monongahela River.

Philadelphia lies between the Delaware and Scirnylkill Rivers, on

a line large plain, about two miles and a half, broad, connected with

CBS OF wne'usruA.

suburbs over the rivers by six first-class stone arid iron bridges, "a

some twenty-five steam-ferries. The population, before the WBi

about two-thirds of a ñiillion.

Harrisburg is the seat of Government of Penn sylv  and quite

populous city. The Susquehannah River is not fordable, aiid is

by several large and expensive bridges, one of which is nearly oua

mile in length. The country around is very productive.

Baltimore, Maryland, is a city of nearly 200,000 peoe, the maiOnul of whom are opposed to the Federal Government. Federal capital, is very' strongly defended by bastiOriedW sufficient force of well-disciplined men. Its inhabitants are in favour of the Confederate Government. The people 0 tbog Maryland arid the region. around Wington are west of Frederick are generally Northern, in their sympathL5 ware is divided in sentiment.

The plans which we append of Pittabuxg and the foe

Wathington will speak for themselves

Lo xnOx: Printed and Published at the Office, 198, Strand, In the

Sb. Clement Panes, in the County of Middlesex, by GS0RGB C

198, Strand, aforeaaid.-SA.TUP.DAY, AxiQP8T 8,1868.
the moment public interest everywhere is concentrated on the affairs of Mexico. In considering the events of something less than a year in that region of the western hemisphere, we almost recognise a revival of the times of Oortez and Pizarro, and are reminded of our own raid into India under Clive Ahandful of armed Frenchmen, under a (eneral who is supposed to be a soldier and nothing else, have, not without difficulty but in the end triumphantly, subdued a country larger dran France, and probably, as the result of something like an order of the day from Marshal Forey, an empire has been established on the ruins of a rickety republic, and an Austrian Archduke proclaimed Emperor. Those who claimed to be well informed as to the policy of France in regard to Mexico have asserted that the proclamation f the empire and the choice of the Archduke Maximilian were by no means the desired sequence. It was supposed that the Archduke would decline the proffered Imperial Crown; and then, the whole responsibility being cast upon France, there could remain only that alternative which was provided in such a casethe nomination of a Sovereign as the occupant of the new throne by Louis Napoleon. Practically, thin meant the selection of a cadet of the House of Buonaparte; the permanent occupation of Mexico by a French army; arid, in reality, the establishment in that country of a French protectorate, political as well as physical. In short, Mexico would have become a distant province of France under a vicegerent, who would be called an Emperor. But all these speculations have been set at nought by the fact that the Arch. duke has accepted the crown which has been offered to him. This alters the whole state of affairs. It is impossible tli the brother of the Emperor of Austria can consent to be main. tamed on his throne by French bayonets. If, as seems to be certain, bayonets are to be the props of the Mexican empire, they should, and must be, Austrian, and not French. At once Austria, through one of her Imperial family, becomes the ostensible arbiter of the destinies of a new addition to the rovers of the world, which, by a curious complication, she can influence only under French inspiration. Mexico is a present from France to Austria, and must represent a close alliance between those two Powers in Europe-a scheme of polity which is not new in the ideas of Bonapartism.

Beyond this we think we see a design on the part of France

to relieve herself from what might have been a great difficulty.

The occupation of Mexico by the French, and the conversion of that country into a dependency of France, might have been resented in due time by the Federal States of America. If, as has been hinted, the new Franco-Mexican Empire had entered into an alliance, offensive and defensive, with the Confederate States, the rupture between France and the Northern States would have been complete. It maybe that Louis Napoleon is not prepared for war with the North, even in. conjunction with the South; and, therefore, if Mexico becomes ostensibly Austrian instead of French, this danger may be averted for the present, Whether America, South or North, will eventually allow a European dynasty and Government to be established in Mexico remains to be seen. In truth, there lies more peril to quiet enjoyment of a Mexican empire from the Southern than from the Northern States; for, when the latter establish their independence, the extention of their territory to the Gulf is inevitably upon the cards.

. .-- - ----'--'----
AMERICA, We have news from New York to the evening of the 1st i

is varied arid interesting, though ntof.great importance.

I General Ice "esenuen," as the Northern journals described it C)l

I of the Shnancloah Valley, and passed through Chester Gap t east aide of the Blue Ridge. On his march his rear was attaCk b the Pederalarid 1200 cattle were lifted. The armies of Lee and

I Mende after much marching and. coimtermarching, have the district in which they were established previous to the Confederate invasion of Maryland and Pennsylvania. The arms of

I the Potomac is once more on the Rappahannock, in the vicni~y, Of Falmouth, gad the Confederate forces have assumed
Ew-4tio" on the old, well-fought ground between Culpepper, and orldonsville. The Federa1 have, it i stated, zed the haghta in I the rear of Fdericksburg. General Lee ocia1ly denies Generai

des report of having captured a brigade of infantry and two

- Of artillery as Lee was retiring niaoes the Potomac "The.

ento be says) did not capture any organised body of men on that ocea4u but only stragglers and such as were left asleep on the road, exhausted by the fatigue and exposure of one of the most inclement 1 nights I have ever known at this season of the year. No arms, cannon, or prisoners were taken by the enemy in battle, but only tzdlt as were of necessity left behind."

It is officially announced that the famous Confederate pan

leader General Morgan has been captured in Ohio, with several of his

CSTS and about 400 of his troopers.

A body of 2,100 Confederates, under Pejrnm and Scott, crossed the

Kentucky River, but were attacked at Paris and repulsed, after severe fighting. Martial law was proclaimed In Kentucky, in consequence of the invasion of that State by the Confederates. The latter were beaten at Winchester, and driven towards the Cumberland River.

In the West Roaericranz a Federal leader, was organising his foene to attack Atalaxita, far the defence of which important place and the railway to Chattanooga great preparations were in pragrem. A ruaoirr was afloat that Rosenerans had captured Chattanooga on the 16th of July ; but the infotmatin on which it rusts is net men-': tioned, and later dates represent the city as still in posseadon of the

Confederates. It is certain that. Brashear City had been taken pee-

 session of by the Federals. Grant's army was, however, falling : back on the Big Black River; and Johnston, said to have been reinforced by Bragg, wathought to intend making the Mobile and 1 Ohio Railway, from Okal,na on the north to Mobile on the south, 1 hh line of defence. Federal General Herran's division had left.

'Vicbburg for Mobile.

At Charleston, the persistent attacks of the Federals had still been 1

repuhed. On the 18th ult. Fort Wagner, after havingbeen bombarded,

n as stormed; but the assault was thrown back with heavy slaughter- 1

Confederate accounts say 2000 killed and wounded. A week sub

sequently James Island was abandoned by the Federals as untenable. ,: On the '24th and 25th the bombardment of Wagner was renewed,

'ith what result is not stated- and the Federals had etrenrrtbemed their position on Morris Islansi. We learn by telegraph to 'I'arther

Point, on the evening of the 1st inst., that Genera! Gilmore has

abandoned for the present the notion of taking Fort Wagner, the shells making but a slight impression upon the sand of which the fcrt is composed. General Glhnore is said to be confident that his siege-guns will reach Fort Sumter.

'The details of the proceedings in Charleston Harbour o the

26th of July are epitortheed øs follows by the Nen York, Wo1

41 Our military and naval forces were still engaged in th.iege of

Fort Waguer, arid everything was going on favourably. General

Gilmore had succeeded in erecting a heavy battery o iegei.

each weighing twenty tons, ,thin 1000 yards of Fart Wner. Fort

 lkuntez and Fort Johnson, on James Island, kept tp a ethoeal fl on the Pederal forces on Morris Island, but with Ptte offort. on Casualties areraing only about sin a day. The aaeaeit eou Foi Wagner failed, said, for the want of daylight. The ironclaic kept up a teady fire till our troops reached the fort, the rebels rncu

while hiding under bornbproofs. The instant the vessel l, firing they were hurriedly formed for battle, and our soldiers, c.

entered, were mown down by whole companies at a time by the concentrated fire of the 2500 rebels within the fort. Darkness coming on, friend could not be distinguished from foe. and our forces were compelled to retire."

The Provost Marshal General had ordered the draught in New York to be carried out, and the 3rd was mentioned as the day for its resumption. A bitter controversy continues between the Republican and the Democratic press concerning the constitutionality and policy of enforcing the draught; also between the State and Federal officials who were engaged in quelling the late riots. The Mayor of 'New York. Major Opdyke, had vetoed the City Caum i's appropriation of money for draughted men.

The following is from the Rk.ioid I-i, -.  StFeron

Davis's own organ 1liot, murder and conflagration have began in New York. It is a world's wonder tht this good work ,Iil not oemineuce long ago; and this excellent outbreak may be the opening scene of the inevitable revolution which is to tear to pieces that nioa rotten society and leave the Northern hail of the old American Union a desert of blood-soaked ashes. We hid it good speed. The news is cheering to its, indeed, because it portends the breaking down of the whole structure of Yankee society. Yet the procese may be long; and in the meantime the desperate energy of their war for the conquest of the Confederacy may grow more furious for a season. No matter; we can at least now see to the end of it. This orieinsurrection maybe suppressed for the moment, but it will be the parent of other and still worse convulsions. Yet a little while, and we sb1I seethe giant but hollow hulk of the Yankee nation bursting into fragments, and rushing down into perdition inflames and blood. Amen.-

 Not the least significant, feature of the American strag.de is the

receipt of Iciness from a new special correspondent of the Iiisn who

writes after this fashion m

n  ,_, ,_a n'k rA as

tobacm and was commanded by Captain Leslie, 16 half-pay British

Ar.o'her i"m r'f mw'. i'rst impestent if tree, is that Prhint

Davis has pvopoi an ctnme and defensive alliance to 1.. i

iapelceu, w t---,i t> ne  ,leihrnes.t bytheCeufe-4e

'ate Govertir rm of :ho, en l'-eI.nerase in Mexico and a mmc'. fi

maticnoftlue'd-nu' -

Beth the Yet; Ttssk H' 'f. Tc l in rtating that. the Faderl Gor a'e. ro'.tü £rian 1 'hat the si3in nf cr1

rateera from English p r* znil l,t .ten-l e an nnftlerliv

The United States! Dli- c,ct (ic. k eedenmed the -oa o the steazasra Pet€rbolF lb ringbek, ti rtd.'. iri horn.

Perhae the mast sirnic .itandine of new h' '•  -

rriral is a recoan.- oes of the l'..e t en jonrt 1 t. i the decision in the case nine Alexandra n'hznn1 ill

Confederates should promptly avail themselves of it to give ad =

low to Northern cc mjs.. -re and strike some Northern citk

The Confad rate cnuhor Florida was at Bermuda- repairing and

inking in coal irorn a Confederate vessel. a supply of that article

having been n-facd by the authorities. It w=s  that she had,

since June F. l sumyed t-weh-e vessels, and that 1,e had transferred

100,000 dole. In sllvr bore to a steamer bound for Wilmington.

The Federal iter' are making 'e4 havoc among the steamers tad ag-vessels n - d in running the blockade. Intelligence ens ranehel on Mn at Lit-erpeol of the capture of the Confederate kadernt- i' nna, Merrirase, Lrzrle, Kate Date,

ate. and the destrt u I the Racoon, by the Federal cruisers

off Charltton, while a' enping to rum the blockade. The

Merrimac w0.4 captured by the gun-bcni Iroqsds, on the morning if the 25th nIt.. after a cimr'e of seven bunts, having ran tbc hlockade of Wilmington on the previous night. The Merthuac

a nle-whsel steamer of 5 Ine aitri ;il-hee p-re-er, trivt

hulk rnLordcm in ls62 for the C.'nfe'ler:e Cbjvernrmien. At the

time of her capture the had on board .7 b.ks of cotton ml .ll b-tii

bales, eleven casks of tobacco, and a iarço r1tnmtnimv of tmur tin. &t. The Liazie was captured on the llth ult., after a chase of two hour-.

the Santiago de Cubs. while attempting : ran into Wilmington.

Her cargo consisted of beandy, thy goods, mMaions, &e. The

Fnuzna was captured on the 24th cIt. by the United States' transport Arago. The Emma was loaded with cotton, rosin, turpentine, and bobecco. and was commanded by Captain Leslie, a. halfpay British naval oflleer. Although the Arago was only a transport, and had not s gun on board, yet the Emma surrendered without a shot being fired. The Emma was owned in London by Hart and Tennett. The Racoon, one of Fraser and Trenholine's blocks-tie-breaking fleet, was

chased ashore while trying to run into Charleston, and completely destroyed by a Fedra1 gunboat.

C s r
coenpeiieci to retire.

The Provost Marshal General had ordered the draught in New York

to be carried out, and the 3rd was mentioned as the day for its resumption. A bitter controversy continues between the Republican and the Democratic press concerning the constitutionality and policy of enforcing the draught; also between the State and Federal officials who were engaged in queUing the late riots. The Mayor of New York, Major Opdyke, had vetoed the City Council's appropriation of money for draughted men.

The following is from the 1kesosd Mr. Jeffron

Davis's own organ -" Riot, rnarcler and ccmagntlicn have bgcuiu New York. It is a world's wonder ?hat this good work d111 not cornmence bug ago; and this excellent outbreak may be the opening scene of the inevitable revolution which is to tear to pieces that mOst rotten society and leave the Northern half of the old American Cubit a desert of blood-soaked ashes. We hid it good speed. The news is cheerbag to us, indeed, because it portends the breaking down of the whole itrueture of Yankee society. Yet the process may be long; and in the meantime the desperate energy of their war for the conquest of the Confederacy may grow more furious for a season. No matter; we can at least now see to the end of it. This one insurrection may be sappreased for the moment, but it will be the parent of other and still worse convulsions, Yet a little while, and we shell see the giant but hollow bulk of the Yankee nation bttrsring into fragments, and rushing dean into perdition in flames anti blood. Amen."

Not the least significant, feature of the American strcgge is the

receipt of letters from a new special correspondent of the fleme, who

Writes after this fashion

The Soath bas been wearled out and used up, if not oinqmered. The Federal

5*7 meet mean than repulse at Cherteaton but eQ they did at Fort X)oseuiou, at Vfokiaarg. at Pert Endenn. and all Iheee etumgbakis ended by fall*a into their bands A cause that ahefters behind walls and trenruhee may

 be ladred upon as hopeless. The lIsefpi Is boat, and Jackson, Mobile, and

most of the Southern cities, with Charleeten and Rkkrd t1, are tikelyare fl-t4) toilw. Lee done 1* the thentowerof atrengthan4we inofln

tothink bimstflhmmbreken; and eolong salts holds his greamd he isfullys match-more then a maids-fur the adversary he has now In front. Bat vast *5555 are said to be moving from the West to the South-West. Grant,

osvsereuz, and other lesder, elated with recent sm art xpeted to

breathe a new spirit into the cannons of the Irresolute heads, and to Infuse

hub blood into the sluggish army of the Potomac. Before the contending parties are again likely to venture en a decisive contest, it it coaMsatly asserted that the Nortnere will be more than two to one against the aeceeik,ulets.

President Davit; has issued the siabeind proclamation, rgrTng the

people to receive in thankfulness the lesson taught theta in the recent

erseem, and appointing Aug. 21 as a day of feeling and pr8yor

Again do I call upon the people of the Confedmey- people who believe

that the Lerd reignetha, and hits overruling Providence orderethi all things

to uthe In orarer and humble submission under his chastening band, end beseech Bla fa,our on our suffering country. It is meet that when trials and reverses befell us we should seek to take home to our hearts and cscleuces the lessens which they teach, and profit by the .elf.examlnaiton for which

=tmare us. Had not our success on I&Dd and seR =40 us aaff-00n ~Iøtgettul of our reliance on Mm ? Had not the love of lucre flten like a gangrene into the very heart of the lend, converting too many of us late worshippers of gain and rendering them imminditti of their duty to their country, to their fellow-men, and to their God. Who, then 'w Prme to complain that we have been chastened, or to despair o our Jist cause and the protection of am jIeaveflly Father? Let us rtther recefte In humble thankfulness the lesson which Re has taught In our recent TevSrses, devoutly acknowledging that to Mm? and not to our own feeldS aims, is doe the honour and the glory of victory; that from Elm, in ills paternal providence, come the anguish and suftrlngs of defeat our humble snpp&atkna are mine to Ms footstool. Now, therefore, I, Jeeraort Davis, Prnddent of these Confederate mates, do Issue this ray proclamation. setting si*rt Friday, the tist day of August ensuing, as a day oUastlng. humIliation, and prayer- and I mb hereby invite the people of the Confederate States to seplr, on tLat day, to their respective places of public worship, and to unite in supplication for the fuvour and protection of that God who has hitherto conducted us esibly through alt time dangers that environed ua In faith wherced I )ave bereauto gt any hand and the seat of the Confederate States, at Riehtaond, this tIUl day of July, lxi the year of our toni one thousand eIght hundred and aixty-throc.

 Mr. Stephens. Vice-President of the Southern States, was making a tour of the Confederacy. On the 1'th nit, he made a amcecb at Charlotte. North Carolina, in which he expressed confidence in the military genius of General Leo, and de clarea that the South had peeVIGZU,IV sustained mom serious blows than the fall of Vfckaburg And, P..ri Ilndren. Final and complete so paretlon from the North was, he said, the only termt on which peace could be secured, and rather than meibmit to anything short of that they would all, he trusted, "die like UlisS worthy of freedom."

The southern journals, although atikuowledging the late reverses, 111-rear still confident of the ultimate independence of the South.

Among the items of intelligence are the announcement of the (tenth

•t Mr. ('tittenclen, the author of the famous "Crittenden coin pW

and anti the statement that the library and papers of President Dat is bud been seized at Jaekaou Mississippi, by the Federals,

The following description of a mbatteryn recently launched

for the Federal service is given In the Nev York- its : -* The Oecrelaga is

constructed wholly of hen. The boil is 227 ft. d in. In length end is it. In

width. The fran,ea are of angle Iron, 1n. by din, rivetted to a central plate

at the bottom There l no ktel, properly speaking, but a ribbed or arched

pitting in the place of It, to which all the frames are joined. The lines of

the thip are very easy forward and eft presenting cinch less reslstnce then

some other hoxmohadr now edcat. There are no pro .iec,ttug armour shelves on

the sides, but the vessel is protected from shot by Angle Platte 4in. in thickness, bolted directly to the hull. There Is no wooden backing of any kind to support this armour, but Inboard there Is a series of true knees or angle pieces, secured to the deck and hull, which strengthen it the and enable the weight outboard to be carried without straining the ithip or making her liable to leakage. The draught of water will be 10 ft.; the rtto of speed is not known yet. There are two propellers or strews, cue on neh situ under the stern, each propeller being driven by two engbncms. The turrets are the same as those upon all the Monitors - 11 in. thick in item 'welts, lift, high, awl itt ft. in dinurotor lni Ic, There are two U-inch game in each tttrrfmt. The quarters for the

y am aft, although sense of them-the engineers, for example -hers anodatlcas forivrd. A greet pert f the stoamgs us also aft., iutdwliui, tgazine and 5pirlt-tooht. iTtisher the bow nor stern of the Ow,ndaga 02- gs the hull the stern projecting only enough to cover time screws nut pthem Item &mnaage b shot. There axe thirteen transverse water4lgtt ctments, and the coal- bunkers surround the bUit in aUtlitien to them prtectlon affrdal by the Iron plating."

A
ILLUSTRATIONS O THE RIOTS IN NEW YORK. rEM MOD SACKIWG AND BURNING TEE OOLOURED ORPHAN ASYLUM. TEE disturbances on Monday, luly 18-the first day of the outbreak in New York-culminated in an outrage which fitly crowned the day's excesses. The Coloured Orphan Asylum, a large plain building situated in Fifth-avenue, was fired about five o'clock in the afternoon. The infuriated mob, eager for any outrage, were turned that way by the simple suggestion that the building was fun of coloured children. A few policemen who attempted tomake a stand were instantly over

Mwered, Several being severely or y injured. While this was going on a few of the less evil. tisposed gave notice to the inmates to quit the building. The sight of the helpless creatures stayed tar a moment even the insensate mob but the orphans were no sooner out than the work of demolition commenced. First the main building was gutted and then set on fire. While it was burning the large wing adjointng, used as a dormitory, was stripped inside and out. The fireengines were there in great numbers, but were not permitted to work, except upon the adjacent buildings. Eyewitnesses of the daatardly outrage state that they saw scores of halfintoxicated Irishwomen, staggering along under buxd o bedding and clothing, shrieking as they reeled along, "Hooray for Jeff. Davis " "Death to the Naygural"

CONFLICT BETWEEN THE RIOTERS AND TEE MILITARY IN PIlISTAVENtE.

A messenger brought information to the 7th Regiment armoury, at

six o'clock on Wednesday evening, July 15, that the mob was in

great strength in First-avenue, between Eighteenth and Nine

teenth streets, apparently organizing, preparatory to moving on a marauding expedition. Colonel Window, of the 5th Regiment (Duryea Zonaves), then in command at the armoury, immediately ordered a detachment of volunteers under arms. The locality abounds in tenement houses, where the class of persons live of which the mob is composed, and into these buildings the mass of the rioters took refuge on the appearance of the soldiers. From the roof and windows ofeveryhouse theiuobatouceopened anattack delivering a brisk and peisiateist fire upon the military of musketry and pistols as well as a volley of bricks and other missiles. To this assault the soldiers replied, and the howitzers raked the avenue up and down with canister, of which ten rounds were discharged. It is estimated that this fire killed as many as thirty persons, and the effect was a partial dispersion of the rioters, although some of the more bold among them lurked behind the corners of the buildings, whence they would sally out, discharge their guns, and again go to cover, The infantry
force, meantime, although tm-uniformed, and et enrolledfortheemgcy stood gaflantly iipto the wort loading wikh rathlity ana ring with precision at the rioters 'where'ver they  .*

showed themselves-at or

upon xocf, or at the street cornem. The mob in this instance, however, 'had the mall force of soldiers at an ad'vantage Côheiel Winslow had not men enough to make a charge upon the buildings, and as many as ten of his little command, after tweaty mirrates' glzting, had already fallen, several of them being killed outright. He

rthictantly, therefore, ordered a retreat, whisk

NM Conducted with 'veteran coolneas, not

withstanding the fact that, as the so1ie

math aentli-street, they were faliowed far some distance by the howling mob, who were left masters of the ftekt
THE REVOLUTION IN THE FEDERAL STATES. AT the very outburst of the great civil war in America it was predicted that the attempt of the North to subjugate the South-whatever might be its effect upon the seceding Stateswould inevitably lead to the overthrow of Northern liberty. A huge debt, an immense standing army, and, a oentralised Government were all necessary to the prosecution of a scheme so stupendous; and that the Republican freedom of which the Americans were always so ready to boast coId coexist with these was so manifestly impossible that the best friends of the North were those who most earnestly deprecated the war. But the desire of the Northern people for the unity of the Bepublio-to be maintained at all hazards and at any sacrifice-was then, and is now, so passionately unreasonable as to have blinded them to an the consequences of the struggle-consequences alike fatal to the real dignity, greatness, and happiness of the North, whether it fail or succeed in its object. Twenty years ago, when the disruption of the Union was publicly discussed, as not only, among the probabilities but the certainties of the future, the most eminent Americans of both sections were of opinion, not only that the separation would be peaceably effected-like the dissolution of a partnership that has ceased to be either agreeable or profitable-but that it would be for the advantage of all concerned. The South imagined that it could successfully

carry on a system of government based upon the Patriarchal model; and, while enriching itself and taking care of its negroes, salve the problem of labour without entailing the chronic pauperism that curses it in the old world, where the aged and worn-ant labourer has no claims upon those who employed him while he was young and strong. The North, on the other hand, not only looked upon disruption without disiavour, but continually threatened it, in order by that means to free itself from the stigma of the slavery which it bad neither the right nor the power to abolish. So recently as the election of Mr. Lincoln the best minds in the North were of this opinion. B'ven Mr. Seward-all his life an opponent of slavery-proclaimed officially, as Secretary of State, in circulars to his Ambassadors to be communicated to foreign Powers, that coercion of the South was a policy alike suicidal and unconstitutional. Mr. Everett, formerly Minister totheCourbof St. James', declared the same sentiments. Mr. Horace Greeley, of the 21Thuse, one of the ablest dmoatbonest leaders of the Abolitionist and Republican party, was in favour of letting the South depart peaceably, as the best means of restoring the purity of the flag which, while ft was a flag that protected slavery, he had declared to be "a flaunting lie" and "a polluted rag," unworthy to be unfurled in. the free sunshine. Had this prudent course been adopted the North would have escaped a mountain of debt and a national bankruptcy, 0 standing army, which will of necessity

 trample out its liberties, and that inavimiQed form of Government which is but another name, for despotism. Possibly, top, If this policy of masterly inactivity had been pursued, the South, after a short probation of independence, might have found it to be its interest, for commercial and other reasons, to

for readmisajon into the federation from which it bad

withdrawn; and the Union would have been restored withat

the enkindling of hateful passions, or the shedding of a single

drop of blood.

But this was not to be. A whirlwind of excitement SZOM The Northern people were carried away by it, and nothing would satisfy them but the subjugation of their broth. One by one, the prudent statessnen, such as Mr. Lir*ooln,Mi. Seward, Mr. Everett, Mx. Greeley, and others, became infected with the madness of the crowd. The voice of Reason was silenced. The sword was made the arbiter of questions that no sword can decide. Battle succeeded battle, with no other result than the slaughter a-f hecatomba on both sidek-bs ~~that settled nothing, and only proved the martial v&evr of both peoples, And, what a scandal it was that two snh love combatants should Act have learned that the subjugation of either was impossible. Bur, two years the North has been In t Mpasse. Sometimes losing, w'n

winning, it is at this moment as far off as ever from the sm

pliabment of its designs. The South, with no advantage

except that of 41 immortal bate "-whieh is a better provocative
of valour than all the wealth and besmty.money in the worldhas maintained the contest with a heroism that has carried men's hearts captive with admiration; and the North, with evextldng on its d de,--riches, numbers command of the sea, and pose&sion of the legitimate Go mientfinde itself engaged in an nmlertsking which all the tras friends of liberty ha every part of the e1vlliaet earth, except in Washington,

consider to be Utterly hopeless.

But, while the North bas done little or nothing-to and the war, It baa done much to end its own liberty. The Government eabliahed by George Washington has ceased to eaist. The Constitution founded by the Fathers of the Republic baa been aheogated on the plea of military necessity, and can never again be restored. Mx. Buchanan was the last President of the YBited States. Mr. Lincoln in the President of a geographical dl,iskm, and of a sectional party even in that. Martial law prevails everywhere except in New York, New Jemey, the six little States of New nglamland remote California, too distant to suffer by or take any interest in the illogical and murderous conflict. In all other portions of the broad &nnain the discretion of a Provost Marshal, or a b&sdering dragoon suddenly converted into a Dictator, supersedes all law. The Courts axe powerless. The press is under a surveillance stricter than that of France _ Austria. Men are torn from their beds at midnight and sensigned to military prisons, without the intervention of judge or jury or the specification of any real or supposed .fence, In contravention of the fundamental laws of the ederatlon and of every State that comprises it, a forcible con.ption of the young men has been ordered; and the project of the atter dructlon of the sovereign rights of the Statesthe abolition of local Parliaments and their reduction to the Position of Bngflah counties or French departments, is openly mm-ed by the organs of the Administration, and strenuously advocated = :the only means of preventing a new secession and the breaking up of the North and West into half a dozen or mess Republics. The public debt is known to amount to tOO millions of pounds sterling, and is suspected, on saeieut reason, to be O per cent in excess of this Mghtfnl sum. Everywhere are to be found the elements of disorder and anarchy; and everywhere the easy-going people, the sordid traders, the mesehante, the profonal men-everybody, in fact who desires to grow rich in a country where nothing but wealth is held in esteem, where public virtue is a scoff and genius the target of contemptuous unpopularityare calling out for a King Government" as the one thing needful. The "King Government" will come. The way is prepared for it, The new election for President will be the election of a dictator, carried on, perhaps, under the forms of the law, but with armed soldiers at every polling-place, to take care that the choice of the soldiers be, or seem to be, the eboice of the people. One thing, perhaps, might eva yet save the liberties f the Northern people-peace and a cmercla1 alliance with the South,. But the Government, in generosity as in intellect, is powerless to make the offer. There is no man of sucient intellect, honesty, and eouxage in the Administration even to suggest such a solution a! an ctherwiae insoluble difliculty. The President is as OWasts as a Stmt, and as conceited as a Bourbon. He learns nothing from experience, and has neither the sense to see the right, nor the courage to do it. Nor is there a single man

in his councils more aeion or inure patriotic than himself. Ales, poor America!
AMERICA.

The Federal army of the Potomac has not made a mo':

importance. Skirmishes between the Federals and Coefeden however, of daily occurrence. On the let of August a coos force of Federal cavalry, under General Buford, crossed IL. pabanock, and encountered the Confederates under when considerable slaughter took place. The advantage rrore with the latter, Buford's forces being compelled to beat aretri u is stated that Longstreet has taken possession of the heijhn brhi Fredericksburg once more; and that Lee's army, with the exct Hill's corps, is south of the Rapidan. This movement from C,: appears to have been caused by General Meade nock at Kelly's Ford, which would endanger ° : Richmond; and, supposing apart of his army to with I Fredericksburg, he would incur the risk of being defeated ci General Meade's pickets extend two miles and a half beye1 Fouth bank of the Rappahannock. The railroad bridge ac: -i river at Rappahannock station has been rebuilt. The Baltien respondent of the New York- Herald says that by the rn August General Lee's army will be reinforced to the number of I men, with 300 pieces of artillery, and, if by that time Meehe hn advanced, Lee will assume the offensive and move from burg direct on Alexandria by way of Bank's Ford, Durirt Occoquan, or else by way of Manassas Junction, Oenirifl rl Fail-fax, to Arlington Heights. Meantime, General Meada bsban reinforced by 15,000 men from Grants army.

The latest intelligence received from Charleston was to t: 4.

when the siege was still progressing. The Federal steamer in • was within 500 yards of Fort Sumter, and Gilmore's r expected to open five from Morris Island in a few diy. It is' that the batteries being erected by General Gilmore on 3f('lTIS are of such calibre that Fort Sumter cannot stand before then and a half after the fire is opened. The Confederates in Fort Wa made a sortie, but were driven back, with heavy loss. A Ist Charleston, published in the Bostom Traveller, confirms the that the Confederate shot pierced the plating in the de Monitors. Three of these shots struck the Naharit during attack upon Fort Wagner, and considerably damaged that. Several of the New York rioters have been tried and convin sentenced to terms of imprisonment varying from three te years. The claims put in for compensation for eropert.v amount, up to the present time, to l,09ˆ,309 dol. 'The H Democratic State Convention has been called to 9358011)15 at \ on Sept. 9. A proposal is to be brought before the Nc Chamber of Commerce for the construction of a hip en west, byway of the Chanub and Champlain canals, forth of throwing the commerce of the north-west and Canada il-i State of New York. The Governor of New York scheme.

 The draught in Washington has been completed. It :rc' '

aggregate of 3700 whites and 1250 coloured conscripts. GZtO"h been placed on all the roads and rivers leading from Wathin0Js order to prevent conscripts from escaping.

• The Maine Democratic State Convention has passed steøn,l

lution denouncing the course of the Lincoln Admm01ti0

The national day of thanksgiving in comnlemoratloti of the

Union successes, kept on the 6th inst., in compliance withth

Poroclamation, was observed in Washington, Ne, York Ar

I -

cities by a general suspension of business and by religiO the various churches.

The possibility of a war with England forms the sstbiS8t

article in the Washington Republican, whieh is described 43

official organ. We are accused of "injustice, jasoleane, an

for a series of years." but retribution is loornin in the

first thing to be doiie on the outbreak of hostilities

conversion of the steam marine of the Northern State3tnt0V

• and then, as a matter of course, "British commerce WOW

from the ocean." The Government have, howe',

and similar statements of the Republican.

It seems that we are not in much better odour with the

the South than with that of the North. The Rkh5'

thinks it is the determination of the British (Cmt0t

to do no act that shall tend to abridge war, or help the

involve itself in a quarrel with the United States. "TI 'H

continues, "has no worse enemies than the British Govn

that the British Government is a friend of the North ij5t

whole American people, and all their diplomacy  be tO

naftmL war by preventing the interference ot any other Examiner, however, thinks that Napoleon's possSsice Mei- c-c render his interference compulsory whenever it thai! b5CO'!" that the Southern Confederacy shall cease to exist wltboi4 crown of Mexico will be untenable on the day when the the South shall be completed, and the United

The Raleigh (North Carolina) SaedarddeUonn

Government, and urges North Carolina to send &dSlti9ti05°

thout

inglon, to see what terms can be obtained,

The .Richmond Isquirer urges President Davis tO 5tiP' Standard, and to wipe out the North Carolina Supreme

The Federal prisoners now in Richmond number 4300'

528 commissioned officers.

Considerable excitement exists in Columb

Vallsadighani and Pugh. One soldier was

it" tile T1 invalid soldiers tearing down flags jscribed • soldiers in the city were confined to their b

afterwards paraded the streets and replaced the flagS. In Kentucky the Union ticket has been elected by pltC A collision has taken place between the "COpper Union men' in Iowa. It is reported that the forin xiUXA
aad are fully nrn.ed. The military have been d.spatc&'l to the scc vi i-ccftict.

From the Mississippi there is not much of importance, except

reported r&iitlW of General Banks, with alum of 6451 men. At N Orleans the tnian Association hail panel a resolution app

the orgunui'atiou of the State G'overmaent under a C4rt t:1

rcceguic.ing slavery. For the purpose of keepng open V1

Lay igadon of the Mississippi, the Federal Government

imdeutood to have determined upon the Organisation of an army

of 100,000 negroes, awl the President has odktlafly proclaimed th'tt

if the enemy enslave or sell any captured black soldiers in the

sertee of the United Stases, his officers will ado 1tt a policy of retaliation. For every Federal soldier killed in vlolaton ç lathe w. f warfare a Confederate soldier will he executed, and. for every one ru&avtcI or sold into slavery a Confederate soldier will be placed at bard labour on public works, arid kept at labour until the other he released and receive the treatment due to prisoners of wan The alleged wholesale slaughter of the negro soldiers before Port Hudson is contradicted. There were engaged in the siege of Port Hudson two regiments of coloured troops, utunberin together 1245 men. Of thess, twenty-eight were killed, and 163 wounded by gunshots and falling trees General Grant's official despatch states that during his operations in Miminoippi he captured 39,000 primeaer 31 ow of =ions paroled and 8000 sent North. Yaaoo City has been stripped in consequence of the hostile attitude of the people. Quantities of merchandise and furniture and numbers of negroes have been carried away. Earl Russell has and to Lloyds a notification which he has received from Washington, in respect to the navigation of the Mississippi. It is to the effect that vessels trading to hew Orleans and up the Mississippi will be convoyed between New Orleans and Vicksburg by Federal gnu-boats. The Confederate Secretary of the Treasury has written a letter stating that, as the fall of Port Hudson and Vicksburg exposes to the enemy the Government cotton purchase in Mississippi and Louisiana, many planters will probably leave their plantations. The militaryanthorities will therefore, be says, destroy all cotton they cannot preserve from the enemy. The cotton will be destroyed only when there is Imminent danger of the enemy capturing it. No cotton has arrived at New Orleans sinea the fall of Port Hudson.

 President Davis has issued an addrem to the Confederate army, in

which he says '

After two years of warfare the enemy continues a struggle in which our final triumph mint be Inevitalt Unduly elated with recent sacees, he imagines that temporary reverses can quell your spirit or drake your deter, now gathers heavy messes tegether for a gsaeral Invasion,

vainly hoping that by desperate efforts srromsa may be res. tee know whet the enemy means by snocs His mslignsat rage aims at nothing lees than the extermination & yocrsetves, your wives, and children to da'y what he coma plunder, to partition our homes as the olls ei 'Story, to Incite senile insurrection, and to debauch an Inferior roe hitherto esetented

bythe tudnigence of the vilest passions no the peter of treachery.

Conscious of their inability to prevail by legitimate means, and not oaring to asks inca lest they ahonid be hurled front power, the now ruling in Washington refuse even to center on the arWectof eading ontnigesdradng the age, or to listen to any suggestion for o,ndacttsg the war secreting to clvlllsed wages. No alternative Is left on but victory or sabfagatioe, and

withWtd your and thtoearhiTasrs! that is neoesesry is, that all should promptly repair to military duty; and I new grant a general pardon and amnesty to all ettloese and men within the I , wbe lusy be absent WWsont leare, and who  delay

*d-  Wb

.e. to

Z. =1  duty; but so ee will be received for any delay beyond

- days thee this proclamation.

President Davis finally conjures all the women of the Confederacy to use their influence in aiding this call, and to take care that none who owe duty in the field shall be sheltered at home.

The Federal Government is about to increase Its an! force in the

Pacific.

A Federal war-steamer has runk a ve'e'el ci trvoie t:'l fl

of Charleston. We lost

Judge BA -c, of the 3tarhie C,rc. PtA cenknuici

Peterhutt and easels The grearni given for her e

that "sLe was Won with contrabexvct of war with the kr1xie'tgeof

the owners; •slse was not truly &nned to Mata'a :a' for the PUT(- of commerce within the authority of public It, bat to sonic other place both in aid and for the ae of the enemy. awl in violation of the law of nations t the ship'; papers were simulate'!, and false as to her real destination.' The schooner Stephen Hart. awl the barqne Sally Mngree have been condemned. The brig Isabella Thosnpsoem and her cargo have been restored to the owner'. withont damages or costs, and with permission to the libellanta to fnrni.rlr further proof. The schooner Glen and her cargo have been restored it. the owners, with costs and damages.

The steamer Ruth was burnt on the Mississippi dining a voyage from St. Louis to New Orleans; thirty lives were lost, together n ith a large amount of Government funds in the hands of the pay' masts on hoard.

Captain Maffltt, of the Florida steamer, a confederate cruiser, In a letter to his family, published in the Southern journals, states that to May 17 he had destroyed 10,000,000 dollars' worth of Northern commerce, and had eluded thirteen Federal cruisers sent to capture his vessel and the Alabama. He adds that the Alabama and Florida together destroyed ten Federal vessels of the largest class an April -72 within sixty miles of each other. A telegram from Queeastown rtates that the Florida was oft Kinsale on Monday. She put three

passengers on board a pilot-boat.
AURICAS 1iOThL --rear  agree in psczaa. r.1tn: tie Asenen

wi to be the iacutper*ct oaalaiasteof the

M ever cotstructal-ht fact, the Americana MUM

- Pet et øe without them They psnake of the

i-&rtof the large leoathe Cstzef !:.e sad these of ordinary boarding7-44-'r peculiarities are at fins very • !.d U) an Englishman who has been, need to -f4t, hc-me1e comforts of the good old;z€d cgaflatfl inns; but in * Sort n the - tv wenin at, and a htuslnd advantages are rtvered that sake them preferable to those 'ary otbetootr.tty in the world. But tiSenpeiry only uSe vhs the hotel is a large and

lint-rate pabhshmcn of which kind these are

4 vai in enre tmrsrttant city throughout the

1-mt ari rxe r rnt where great lines

I tr4!c naret. bnt whc tIe hotel to of a esoad

4? thzrt rate character it in mtot wre±cbeif. and

Iten dirty and disçanazg, and to an EngLshnn '-.'ttvely t12(flh.r. flertw is an attempt to the -tI n as 1 .t'rrv appearance of a

flta

of ci xport)Ln4-as, for ir-esc . the wails of the

dining-room may be cove %,,-4 a tine cannot

said - finch paper, while the tabtes are of deal,

a treb, and the floe tzaout carpet or 5*7

ihe ecvet, and filthily dirty. Similar nfl

- tr-flM peesdianua wiTh he taund throughout the toe. anfcrtanstn-ly, c'ae&nhrsne J4 not -

-nd by the propltet're of tire smalLer American I .- the first efeseat ui n ntfurt; but in such .m FIfth Areas and ti. New York Hot*

in New York, the aC&*ZTsxattot1/2 and pelee at which it is ol*ained. are not to be squalid Se

wrtt-rt.

The charge at a firse-claw; house is nearly the

4-JUDO throughout the States, It is ten shillings ;tr day, which includes breakfast, lnneheoe, dinner

a or supper, and separate betanom, as well as sit (-barges for attetulance of waiters chambermaids, and porters and also for cleaning boots- Wines, leer, and spirits are charçed cites. The dinner in ndher of the hotels in hew York we have noned Is a padsive banquet, as everything the season is found upon the tables in abundance, -trove expensive it may be to procure is. The • or meals are supplied on an equally liberal seals. Souw of the finest hotels in. the taizad States re to be met with at thore places when visitors tirt for the summer season, as at Saratoga and agara Falls. The subject of our fltratntlen is an hotel in the neighbourhood of the paThs, called Mouteagle House. It I not onset the largest of the kind, which are only opened dining the season at the tails, but approaches meet to tie chasoter of the railway hotels in England, it being situated close to the a.uspeasiontbtidga which eanecte * the New York Ct-tiM Railway and the Great

-- . S #tS. - - a-h t+ 4 -r,tit,flv ,dsnstat.

We • ra Baliway in tauaa ti7eLaa a 0

I e - t ta Nr.lbt'er and has fijwvlewafrit* its tp4tOt

of tia (;nt P: 1- Aat the surrounding country, both. in tennis and

I e Thd tk.:
.07

A uapidon-loking aft, believea to be an Anierian priatez toj,pd the Vexacu-wtth a mixed cargo and peanger*-on hrr way home from Br" to Ingtaa& A man, who rpreeentcd blmMt to be a United 8tate' ccer, but who was out of atfotm ane armed Were fle meager than a gentJomAn bdag a 9ovenunent cond, boarded the Vernon end ckaan&4 bar papere. 'Thee ware retaad, and on Iearng the ymel the 'oWeer threatened to re into her. The threat, however, w.'e atcak4 Into eder f41 M.an ha aklv nMhk1 hw

THE CLTY 0F CHICAGO UNITED TXTE&.

3L1LX4ET as has been the rwth of iny such eitl of the talted States Phi]detl4ijd in the east and ;nnaU In the west,

yet au am edUDsed the rapidity with w Chicago, the c2:14011 of the state of flx r P. Thirty

ysara ego the this âne cy tr th wrte-ewt mere than half a deacu cot f.$ occpi 1 fl rrsirre lands where

now is a gdcent city tiaug cn' iumdxed and twenty thousand fbiaitt& Cicugn j not Cs npcaed of all k1nJ of bajhUng, good, bad, nu1 itaiiterJit, as many American are, tut in tithly h;i1t of brick and stone The public iinga an, ry n.. t h'4 .nd  11 paved. In fact, the

city }as a i stately in sppeoraaee as any city of its kind in

'he d World. The eh a* and stem are of the first clan and the

ai the jtt scas, offering the best aocommodation partirthir1y that cLai the Brlgp Horse, combining, as it does, the comfort of tin beat English Inns with those peculiar advantages that belo~ to the American hotel "em

The -ographical position of Chicago is, mrhewe, the vary 6oot

I bst exists on the American continent, it 10 is situated on the south
u an,. Lio Michigan. quite in th: -far wekt- of the

t en re then a tie,w'and miles from the Atlantic Ocean. Yet

vs w1chsb4ipetltbe;rcarg,a'in the .Iock.si'fLierpoolrnayofnen e v:;'tknargtng them beside her quay,; ant many a cargo of corn. tnt;, I pork shippeiiin this great prairie csphaltitsistts way to British .th t ever being tronshippel; for betneen Chicago and the

the water camtowtication is complete for seagoing ships of I

ral'h burden, by the Weilanit Canal, which passes them from

lake Erie to Lake Ontario, missing the great PaWs, and by the caaa: of the St. Lawrence. which arhi the rapids of that river. else connected with New York by a grami system of canals; e. "ac. New York is the true port of the ride cotunry. } . Ch eago in every direction brane.;es 3 system of railways of

the most complete kind. The Michigan Central enters the city on a viaduct, across part of Lake Michigan. One of our Illustrations is taken from a point on this viaduct. This railway is 300 miles long, and extends to the city of Detroit, on the river which connects Lake Huron with Lake Erie. On the opposite side of this river is the British city of Windsor, the western terminus of a system of railways connected with New York and Boston, and all portions of the British territory in North America. From Chicago railways are increasing northward and westward through the young States of Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota; while southward and westward railway communication is perfect for thousands of miles into the farthest anbroken prairie lands beyond the Missouri to the most southern States of the Union and the mouths of the Mississippi and the Rio Grande.

It is impossible to contemplate the future of the North

States without seeing that the city of Chicago must occupy the most prominent position in it, standing as it does at the heist of inland navigation, and at the head also of those great alluvial tracts of rich prairie lands, which even now are scarcely touched, lands where soil, climate, and all desirable things else invite men to settle upon them and progress. And it is not on the surface alone that these riches exist, for beneath it lie inexhaustible beds of coal, and limestone adapted for every purpose. Copper, lead, and other minerals sound in the north; and there is a mountain of iron in the south. The greatest nation the world has ever seen will j>

which will onedayinhabit theplains of Illinois: Chicago will belta capital, and New York its seaport.
A ionz diplomatic correspondence between this country and the trite øtatee has been pushed on the eubject of the regulations estab

by the Federal Government at the pert of Itew York as to vessels g to the Dalunuas. The co pcexdauce originated in My last year,

sLru cemplainta were made by esexehanta en other in Naau that the ( Jewse St Now York reqtth*i eldppers there for the Bahama5 to give t.ud t)st mm of the goods wenid be delivered at Conftderata ports, xtnd thl they vrsnplslntd of as an emdee reattiettoti upon trade. It appeered that th rrtrIttooa were directed by an J.et of Cengrees of I&fl. Earl Russell rrud.ry direct*! xc Ottyanc to be made agedret each Eatrlctjoxes, as atinj t treaty of 181,1 between this Country and the United Staks, hi  l!nUh hla freedom to trade in American porte; and In August and

ter lru Lord Lyone xe 'setrateti 'tth ssx. Seward. Mr. Stwal kr mxtintthng that the rt'srktioxt, complained of were Internal acts

j eqsplyit.g aliy to Alnertonu end English ships, and be th ast inceeaa of the ntuterce of Nawsu sinse the Outbreak o

tI aa.r as a proof that the A,-'rt did net interfere with the " legitimate" race, tt' that tj 1111-ell  pjof tt,&t this Wag no 4Mver to his

r4 It wee perfectly lawful for rltkh titips at ITnasan to ther artse tranship

for Amr1can P°t$. lit his despatch, dated Dee. IT, he,

PM,--t tht bp that, uOtwlthan4ing Mr. Sewsa-dli defetecte, the

tcel have the pcttt*ked eifeoe 0? PreVenting the essttlnnanceor td -o.i'nrps'eeeedtugs, )ft. 8ewcxd rejoined on Jan, 0; bat

the that the In," of the United be t.eeuted In 'net a way as to Afford no just ground

of peks1ty or Luatoe. hen ltueU, however, having dis

continued OA corn mdezce, 'iati that his xetnunetesnees would have to Lord Lin again on the IOtA of .1 ny, noticing th

of Mesexe, Tootel, Ltro5dhurst, ttmd Co., that ueh xt bond had

ien --e cd them wheat makThga thipmetjt to Nasean on the 15th of June

Ills ItttLdilp coe0?dens tAte as a proof that chit intor?ere of the Thcrttire with the trade ii still perate,1 In, axx'l  Ticnl

Lycne to a fresh V tt*ittti ore the Militat,
