IMPERIAL PARLIA MEN2

HOUSE OF LORDS.--TUESDAY.

The seventh session of the present Parliament was opened by Commission,

The ceremony 'was t very simple one. A few ladles assembled in the House of Lords and occupied the back seats usually taken by the peers. In the galleries there were also a few ladies. As soon aatheP.oyal Commissioners entered, the Lord Chancellor directed, the Usher of the Black Bed to summon the House of Commons, and in a few moments afterwards the Speaker, in his slate robes and accompanied by % few members of the House of Commons, appeaa'sd at the bar. The Lord Chancellor then read the

QUEEN'S SPEECH.

Mr LouPe AND GENTLEMEN, I

We are commanded to assure you that her Majesty hae great satisfaction in

to the ailvice and astLtance of her Parliament

-"'1" -  '

- The civil war in North America Still unhappily continues. Her Majesty remains steadfastly neutral between the contending parties, and would rejoice at a friendly reconiiation between them.

- DEBATE ON TUE AEBrJUl IN REPLY TO THE LOYAL SPEECh.

The House resumed at five o'clock, when, the Speech from the Throne having been again rend,

The Earl of CUALToniORT (in the absence of the Duke of Cleveland, owing to domestic breavemeut) moved the Address in reply to the Royal Speech. Having adverted to. the principal questions to. which the attention of Parliament had been called, he reed some statistics referring to the condition of Ireland to prove the gradual progress of that country, and maintained that though some persona and' parties were dissatisfied, the people were generally loyal.

 Lord B(YUUHTON seconded the motion. Alter referring to the treaty with Prance of 1812 and the confederation of the British North American provinces, he defended her Majesty's Government from the chgxge of having violated its neutrality in the civil war now waging in America. - lie deeded that in any one instance It had ever departed from. the policy of non.interferenoe it had declared it would observe. As to the relations of England to foreign nations generally, he pointed out the important fact that wherever England was in arms it was entirely in eelf.defenes. The domestic legislation in which they were asked to engage in the present Session would, he assumed, be of the same kind as that of former years. The measures to be proposed to them would mostly be of a practical character. He had hoped that in some manner they would have succeeded in broadening the basis of the Parliamentary representation; but that work was, perhaps, reserved for another and more ardent generaAicn. He hoped, however, that some progress would be made in preparing a digest of the law of England, a measure that certainly ought to receive serious attention.

The Earl.of-DEBBT described .theSpeech from the Throne as just the sorb of speech that was likely to be addressed by an aged minister to a moribund Parliament, whose dissolution no event can postpone; so that all its experienced advisers could do was to dud it some gentle occupation and take care that Its dying moments were not disturbed by any unnecessary excitement; whilst its pleystalons held the usual consultation and pocketed their accustomed fees. The noble Earl then adverted to our relations with Brazil and the civil war in America, calling attention to the ingratitude with which the neutrality of this country had been met by the Government of Washington, who had given notice to terminate the Reciprocity Treaty and the agreement for securing the neutrality of the American lakes. Under these circumstances the noble Earl said he regarded with satisfaction the proposed confederation of the British North American prOviiloee.5 He alluded to the distress In the cotton districts, pointing out the condition of those districts; and expressed his regret that legislation had not been determined upon as the result of the Public Schools Commission.  -

 Earl Gus crzbl.ii congratulated their Lordships upon the good sense and good humour displayed by the Earl of Derby, and congratulated the latter upon the brilliant success which had attended his literary labours during the recess. Referring to the notice given by the Government at Washington t

terminate the Reciprocity Treaty with England, he stated his belief, that it was to be traced to irritation consequent upon the movements of Confederate raiders, but that there was still time for negotiation.

The Earl of LxiTitmI, having spoken on the Irish portion of the Speech,

Earl BDSCELL abated his pleasure at finding that there was a general approval of the House of the foreign policy of the Government; but in answer to observations of Lord Derby on the diplomatic rupture with Brazil, he denied that the Foreign Office was to blame, or could have taken any other course than they lead adopted. As regarded American polities, be urged that the United Slates expected that her Majesty's Government should do all that the law of nations and international law required to prevent any aid being given to the Confederates; but it had been impossible to prevent acts by British subjects, which lead caused great irritation in America, such as the fitting out of ships in English goats to prey on the commerce of the United States. In Oanad

also Confederate agents had done acts calculated to embroil this country with the United States, and it was not surprising that the Federal. G-o-s'ernmeat, seeing the Canadian lake made use of for such purposes, should be inclined to take steps to put a stop to such proceedings. While, however, her Majesty's - Government would adhere strictly to neutrality in the American contest, - hey would not admit claims on tbi country which were not founded ott

notice.

The Address was then agreed to.
CURRENT II2RRA TUBE.

"By ~`s 7 ate

t t

df pecu" 0 rs pe

Xa~ay 84a ~ar

ad auta~ these 8 an e 7~  is

r in .~b ok ni

a ~~  W Vt obsa~

i r

we a e p d

Y

i To long d

- h h ib i f

tat em f soo~ his on _as d to

as - ~

t t f

in the Ot t

ance t

sle r~ _~=E

~h 0. t i

Ab to p d

as fr y int arut

was erc~ised - hi~ inthmn-ate . acq .. intance with popull tte

had a chance of sho ' g itself his brilliant colouring had a Pine opening for application; his appreciation of humour did excellent service; his capacious memory or his punctual notification supplied him with copious stores of anecdote; and his epigramxnatic style of writing gave a pungent flavour to the sentences which flowed from his pen. It must 1e remembered, however, that the greater part of that which is contained in his two volumes was written in the form of letters to a newspaper which has, perhaps, the largest circulation of all daily ptthlicationsmEngland, if not in the world. The remembrance of this fact will enable the reader to.understaud not only why :Mr. Sala frequently speaks of himself as "the subscriber," but also why he shonl have been accused by the Americans (particularly those of extreme Northern principles) -of misrepresentation. For it is plain that he must have given ready ear to what would be likely to amuse aad'to gratify his readers and to increase the circulation of the paper for which he had undertaken his pilgrimage; and how well Mx. Sal,a. fulfilled his objects, let those many admirers testify who purchased the Deity Tetegraph simply for the pleasure to be derived from his letters. Now, experience will tell you that there is nothing so de]ightful as to have pointed out to you the mote in your neighbour's eye; and in this respect Mr. ala has been a most conscientious as well as hiunorous showman. He 'would, of course, have scouted the idea of putting upon paper what he had neither seen nor heard; but he would naturally repeat not only what he saw but what he heard that was likely, from its grotesqueness to convulse 'with laughter, from its folly td'put upon good terms with themselves, and from its hornbifity to interest as well as shock his readers. In fact, the "chiel" who "take notes" in a foreign country nearly always does so in the spirit of a censor. Hence the charge against Mr. Sala of misrepresentation, by which is probably meant an 'unconsciously, perhaps, partial, but still a partial, representation. A man who spends but a year in a large country cannot gain an insight into its interior economy; he gets but the public-which is usually the worse-view of it; and Mt. Sala, so far as we can discover, does not seem to have penetrated far, if at all, into American private society.  Nathaniel Hawthorn

 who lived amongst us in time of peace far longer than Mr. Sala li'y'ed amongst the Americans in time of war, found occasion to apply the lash to 'us- and, though he did not lay it on with the rigour displayed by Mr. Sale, even Nathaniel Hawthorne has been accused of misrepresentation. However, that the Americans are not so black as they have (not by Mr. Sala) been painted is proved by, the fact that Mr. 5th, in spite of his "misrepresentation," was not subjected. to the American amenities of cowhiding, tar-and-feathering, or gratuitous riding upon a rail. He bit them hard, and they winced; but they took no ruffianly vengeance such as they are reported to be in the habit of taking. One is pained at Mr. Sala's views on the negro question; but, on the whole, one is inclined to look upon his picture as a faithful representation of matters as they appeared to a writer who was far from a "Northern sympathiser," who was on. the look out for literary capital, and who was expected to make of his capital the most that he possibly could. Mr. Sala was, of co

dependent to a considerable extent upon hearsay, but it NvM be profitable in the interest ¥pf truth to compare what he says at p. 361 and. at p. 377, vol. ii, with what has been written about Sherman's barbarity in driving out the inhabitants from Atlanta and about the composition of the Northern armies. We read with respect to the former, "all the inhabitants who were able flea from before the dreaded Yankees," from which one would infer that there was no great hardship in removing those who 'would have gone had they been able, and that Hood's letter to Sherman was mere "tabu talk;" and with respect to the latter, "the beat blood the best bone, the beat sinew, of the Northern States have already been olerad up to this Moloch. There is scarcely a Unionist family-from that of

the millionaire merchant to that of the petty farmer and store-keeper-which has not sent a son, a brother, and often even a father

and bread-winner to the 'war;" from which one would infer that the Northern armies are not entirel or even principally, composed of "Irish and German mercenaries.' It is true that Sherman's reply to Hood does not quite bear out the inference we have said might be drawn, so that Mr. Sala's account may not be literally correct; but as regards the composition of the Union armies, Mr. Sala is as, likely to be well reformed as any other "special correspondent" Or coininissloner," and it is desirable, whatever one's individual sympathies znay be, that truth should not be sacrificed to prejudice and passion.
THE NEGRO IN AMERIC1.

"The coloured man," said Mr. Frederick Douglas, the eloquent negro TX

orator, at a lecture 'which he recently delivered in New York, we

is 11 the master of the aituativn. Upon whichever riae he shall an declare himself, on that side will be the victory." Mr. Douglas m knows his people, and does not exaggerate the importance of tls then action in the mighty struggle, of which their emancipation was MJ the pretext rather than the cause; and, knowing them so well his MJ opinion that they will fight for their masters, on the promise of free- th ibm to themselves and families; that they will not, as some to abolitionists have predicted, turn their arms against the cause in winch their services are enlisted; but that, on the contrary, they will zealously, faithfully, and bravely earn their liberty on the terms pro- to r Bed, is entitled to the respect which all opinion founded upon ca .owledge claims from every rational man. As the South under the

pressure of military necessity, is about to make this vital experiment in for the sake of replenishing the ranks of its dwindling and deci- H mated armies, the time is favourable for a review of the progress 8: already made in the emancipation of the coloured race. As a pry- 11 liminary to the full comprehension of the subjmt, it should be ri steadily borne in mind that the South, though it has always been pro- ti slavery, has always been pro-negro; and that the North has, in like fc manner, been anti-slavery and anti-negro. The South has maintained si that it was a good thing for America that the negroes should remain p in it and increase and multiply, and that it was a setter thing for the 0: negro that he should be a slave than a free man. The North, on the p other hand, has maintained as strenuously that slavery was an

 abomination, an outrage, and a crime; but that, all things considered, y it was a very bad thing for America that the negro race had ever been a introduced into it; and that if slavery were an evil, free blacks were

evils almost, if not quite, as flagrant. Social prejudice set up and d

still insists on this preposterous claim. The result is that throughout a the North, the negro is systematically repressed and deprived of d social position and political privilege by the tyranny of custom a and the nameless operation of social laws. In some of the a States in the West neither negro slavery nor negroes are allowed to exist and in fllinois, if not in Indiana, it is a penal offence for a coloured man to cross their boners and presume that he has any right to dwell among his white superiors, The i negroes of the North feel this social excommunication more acutely than the negroes of the South feel the oppression of slavery. In the South the white man does not hate the negro, nor the negro the white man; while in the North the love felt by antislavery agitators and others for the negro is purely theoretical and political, and not in the slightest degree social; while the opinion entertained by the negroes of their white "friends," who talk so much said do so little in their behalf, is of the kind which most men entertain towards palpable hypocrisy. Mr. Lincoln once told a deputation of negroes that the beat thing they and their race could do would be to intake themselves out of the country. to go back to Africa, or drift down into Central America. Mr. Douglas, speaking for his race, declares that they will do nothing of the kind ; that they will not be "improved off the face of the earth," like the red Indians; that they have found a home in America, and that they will keep it; and that their true place is among friendly, and not among hostile, white people. Possibly, and very probably, the result of Northern love for emancipation and of dislike for the negro may be, if the South should achieve or help to achieve its independence by the aid of the coloured people, that the Northern negroes will gradually, if not collectively, migrate to the South, attracted by the superior congeniality of the climate. In the North their natural increase is not so great as in the South; in fact, if their numbers were not augmented by fugitives from :elavery, they would die out as a people in a certain calculable length of time, as may be discovered from the fact that the annual number of deaths among them is greater than that of the births.

 The South hold the doctrine that the Federal Government had neither the right nor the power to abolish slavery, but that the only agency which could effect the purpose was the lawful and Constitutional legislation of the States in which the institution existed. Mr. Lincoln, for military reasons and for State necessity, abolished slavery by proclamation and by stroke of the pen

a:e abolish heresy by an encyclical letter. But slavery s ai. POPQeuilt'led by his fulminations and only perished in districts

re ed

where his armies were able to penetrate, holding its own as firmly

elsewhere as if he had never issued his proclamation against it. And now, in the fourth year of the war, though slavery is falling

¥ right and left, it is not because of his proclamation, but be

cause the Border States of Maryland, Kentucky, Tennessee,

and Missouri have, in. their sovereign capacity, resolved to

abolish in Congress, which is ready to indorse all Mr. Lincoln's

words and deeds, finding the futility of "proclamations" or "edicts

of military power, debates an amendment to the Federal Constitaitiou-a document which permits slavery, but which, if the amendment shall pass it will tolerate no longer. And more effectual than anything that time North can do or propose, the S?outh takes measures not alone to emancipate its slaves, but to elevate them in the social

t scale, and link the fortunes of the white man and the black by the ties of mutual interest and reciprocal gratitude. The black man m¥ the North is free, but a parish. In the South, it is probable that

f the black man who shall have served in the Confederate army will be free, and as much of a man as soldiership and the respect of his white contemporaries Oa
1twould appear from a consideration of all these circumstances that the emancipation of the slaves is more likely to be satisfactorily effected by the Southern than by the Northern people. So passionately does the North love the Union, so immense are the sacrifices of pride, as well as of material resources, that it is prepared to make for its darling object, that, were the South to declare that it would lay down its arms on the sole condition of the maintenance of slavery by the whole force of the united Governments, the majority of the North would in all probability accede to the proposal. The negroes know the fact; and such men as Douglas give very significant hints at all available opportunities that they will not consent to be played with by either aide, but will make their own bargain whenever they think they have arrived at the decisive moment of the struggle. There can be little doubt that the South can be of greater benefit to them than the North; that the South, by reason of its climate, is a better home for people of their blood than the frozen regions of New York, New England, or the great North-West; and that, under a properlyorganised system of labour which would be necessary to prevent them from becoming paupers in becoming free men, the South, if it should be recognised among the independent nations of the earth, would be

, by means of its freed negroee, to develop its immense sources more rapidly than it was ever able to do under the system slavery; and that, finally, slavery would disappear altogether.

[enabled however, the South be conquered, the question of the negro as

ell as the pieation of slavery will not be so easily settled. Slavery

aybe abolished, but the Northern overseer will take the place of the

uthern master, the relations of the races will be as unkindly through

t the whole Union as they now are in the North, and the poor gro will be fortunate if he escape in the sequel the fate of other races at could not be enslaved and as a consequence were exterminated.
A pleasant hit at the neck-and-neck race of extravagance

which the two powers Shoddy and Petroleum are running in the States is thus made in a paragraph in the New rest Tribune:-Mrs. A., accompanied by Mrs. B., recently paid a visit to Tiffany's, and bought there, aided by her friend's counsel, a stylish assortment of jewellery for her own proper wearing. Before they had quite concluded their purchases a stranger, whom we will call Mrs. C., came in, and, after requiring the serv4ces of half the attendants, bought a far more extensive and costly assortment of richly sat precious stones, for the adornment of her person. Whereupon: Mrs. A. to Mrs. B. (in an undertone), "Evidently Shoddy." Mrs. C. (overhearing), "No, Madam, Petroleum."-Another story of the same kind is told. A youn lady In Pennsylvaniainformed her lover that the match must be broken off. ' Why?" gasped the unfortunate lover. "Dad has struck oil," replied the damsel, determined not to lose her chance of a better match.
AMERICA. -.

The latest news from New York is to the morning of the 5th met. Accotints of the opening of peace negotiations between the Petlerals and the Confederates, and of their complete failure, reached U3 almost simultaneously. The Canada, which arrived during Tuesday night from Boston and Halifax, brought the news that three Confederate Commissioners-Vice-President stephens, Senator Hunter, and Judge Campbell-had arrived at Port Monroe on the 2nd inst., in order to discuss peace unofficially; that Secretary Seward had gone to Port Monroe to meet them; arid that President Lincoln hirnelI had left Washington for Port Monroe in consequence of a telegram from Mr. Seward. This imprtant
news was brought to us - w York despatches to the afternoon of the 8rd inst. The . - which arrived on Wednesday evening, brought, however, tele liiniews from New York to the morning of the 5th inst., to the effect that fll-peace con. erence between President Lincoln, Mr. Seward, and the Confederate Commissioners has proved a failure, and that both Governments remain as they were. President Lincoln and Secretary Seward had returned to Washington; and 4 secret session of the Cabinet had been held there. The Associated Press despatches state that President Lincoln and Mr. Seward had an informal conference with Messrs. Hunter, Stephens, and Campbell, on board a steamer at Hampton Roads, which lasted four hours; and it is positively known that it resulted in no change in the attitude of either government. In other words, it was a failure.

The war news is not important. There had been no operations in the neighbourhood of Richmond; and the Confederate squadron had retired up the James River. Part of the Federal fleet had left the Cape Fear River for Charleston; and it would seem from Confederate accounts that the Federals had assembled their troops near Fort Fisher, and had probably abandoned for a time active operations against the town of Wilmington. The main body of General Sherrs an's army had crossed the Savannah River, and commenced on the 17th ult. its march, in three columns, through South Carolina towards Charleston and Branchville, but had exp.srieuced great difficulties at the outset in consequence of heavy rains, which hadrendered the swamps impassable. Federal accounts stated that General Sherman was within forty miles of Charleston, that General Poster was co-operating with him, and that the Confederates were offering resistance at every point but were being rapidly driven from all their defensive positions. ‡oflfederate despatebes, however, asserted that all General Sherman's efforts to cross the Ciombahee River had hitherto failed. A number of steamers had been sent from Cairo up the Tennessee and Cumberland River for the purpose, as it was said, of removing General Thomas's army to "a new base." The Confederate General Hill had announced that, in case of need, all the cotton stored in Augusta would be burned, even though the burning might cause the destruction of the city; and the Richmond papers stated that measures had been taken to destroy all cotton in Georgia and the Carolinas whenever it might be in danger of falling into the Federals' hands

 President Davis has appointed the 10th of March as a day of fast and prayer. The Confederate Congress was considering a bill for the impressmetit of 40,000 negroes for "menial service" with the army, and had rejected an amendment providing that none of them should at any time be armed and employed as soldiers. General Breckenridge has been appointed Confederate Secretary for War.

The Federal War Department has arranged to exchange with the South all prisoners now in close confinement or in irons.

Admiral Porter has made a special report to the Federal Government on the monitors. He says they behaved better in rough weather when off Fort Fisher than any of the rest of the fleet, though they became very uncomfortable for the officers and men, shipping much water. On one of his ironclads the Admiral gets quite eloquent. He says:-" The Monadnock is capable of crossing the ocean alone (when her compasses are once adjusted properly), and could destroy any vessel in the French or British navy, lay their towns under contribution, and return again (provided she could pick up coal) without fear of being followed. She could certainly clear any harbouron our coast of blockaders in ease we were at war with a foreign Power."

General Butler had made a speech at Lowe]l, in which he fiercely attacked Admiral Porter, and especially General Grant, whom he charged with preventing an exchange of prisoners with the South and with lavishly wasting the blood of his troops. As to himself, be hoped that when he died his epitaph might be-" Here lies the General who saved the lives of his soldiers at Big Bethel and Fort Fisher, and who never commanded the army of the Potomac."

A joint resolution submitting to the decision of the State Legislatures the constitutional amendment abolishing slavery throughout the United States has passed the House of Representatives, amid great enthusiasm, by 119 ayes to 56 noes. The Maryland, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, and Western Virginia Legislatures and the New York Assembly have ratified the constitutional amendment and it has been ratified in Illinois and Rhode Island by the Lower houses. In the Senate Mr. Sumner has introduced resolutions declaring the consent of the rebel States to the measure to be unnecessary while they are in rebellion; and the Senate has passed joint resolutions declaring Virginia, North arid South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Tennessee, not entitled to representation in the Electoral College. President Lincoln has been serenaded at Washington, when he made a speech, in which he said that the passage of the amendment abolishing slavery was an occasion of congratulation for the whole world. He thought the measure was a fitting if not indispensable adjunct to the winding up of the great difficulty. He wished the re-union of the States to be so effected as to remove all causes of future disturbance. "The emancipating proclamation," said Mr. Lincoln, 11 falls short of wlat the amendment will effect when consummated."

The Senate has passed the retaliation resolutions, with the amend-ment that the retaliation should be in conformity with the usages of war among civilised nations.

The House of Representatives has passed the bill for the construction of a ship canal around the Niagara Falls, and also for the Illinois-Michigan Canal. The latter will enable gun-boats to pass from the Mississippi to Lake Michigan.
The Senate has passed the retaliation resolutions, with the amendment that the retaliation should be in conformity with the usages of war among civilised nations.

The House of Representatives has passed the bill for the construction of a ship canal around the Niagara. Falls, and also for the Illinois-Michian Canal. The latter will enable gun-boats to pass from the Mississippi to Lake Michigan.

Mr. Stan ton has ordered the re-annexation of Arizona to the Pacific department, under General Macdowell. The limits of the Southern department are intended to embrace North Carolina.

A coloured lawyer has been admitted to the bar of the Supreme Court.

The peace negotiations diminished the premium on gold at New

York to about 105 per cant but it rose again to about 116 per cent

on the 4th inst., when the failure of those negotiations became

kown.

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

The Canadian Government has given up Burleigh, the Confederate

partisan who seized a steamer on Lake Erie, for trial in the United States said the Canadian Legislature has almost unanimously passed he Alien Bill introduced by the Colonial Ministry. This bill provida that, on complaint of a resident, the Governor-General may order aliens to quit the Provinces, after giving them notice, through the OJiciaZ Gazette, of their intended expulsion. The accused may,

ever, tender reasons for non-compliance.

e report of Colonel Jervois respecting the defences of Canada

as been published. Colonel yervois is of opinion that if Montreal and Quebec were placed in a condition for defence, and the river

en Montreal and Quebec commanded by iron-plated vessels, a

u ul resistance could be made to any attempt to subjugatahe coon o long as Great Britain had the command of the sea. The defence Upper Canada is, in his opinion, more difficult. Even there, ho , points are to be found-for instance, Kingston, Toronto, and aniiltonwLich, if properly fortified, would offer a most serious,

not effectual tesistance to an enemy.
The Cape papers contain vo].o.inous accounts of the cruiser

ten oaia, formerly the Sea King, and her doings. She is comniandal by

aptalu Vaddell, and had a complement of about seventy-four men. Altar

tIdng in her armament and leaving Iaderia, under circumstances revealed some recent law proceedings in England, she had captured and burned live 'ederal merchant vessels: one she released on Snding that the oiled own.

as a Confederate, and a friend of the captain.

An American journal, asserts that in the annual report of the

chief of the bureau of ordnance of the United States Navy department, it is stated that-" On the field of Gettysburg there were 21,574 guns picked up, and of these 24,000 were round to be loaded, and half of them ware double loaded. One fourth had from three to ten loads in, and many had five or six balls to one charge of powder. In some eaees the powder was above the bail, in others the cartridges were not broken at the end, while in one musket twenty-three balls, sixtytwo buckshot, and a quantity of powder were all mired up together."

- -------
WILMINGTON AND THE CAPE PEAR RIVER,

NORTH CAROLINA.

Tim Map of Wilmington and the Gape Pear River, which appears oi the following page, will doubtless have a peculiar interest for our readers, as placing before them the some of Admiral Porter's recent successes. The subjoined particulars have been furnished by a correspondent direct from "Dixie's Land'of. " who was during four days, an eye-witsss of the bombardment Port Fisher, and to whom a three months' previous residence at Wmington had given many facilities for procuring the latest and most reliable information. The port of Wilmington, North Carolina, is situated about twenty miles north of the New Inlet entrance to the Cape Pear River. It is about four miles long and three miles broad, numbering nearly (3000 inhabitants, of whom two thirds are necroes. The streets are built at right angles, and contain many handsome edifices, among which the City Hail, the Custom House, and the marble mansion of T. A. Taylor, a wealthy Northerner, are the most conspicuous. Wilmington, however, owes its notoriety to having been the principal port of rendezvous for blockade-runners since the closing of Charleston liarborn'. In spite of the vigilance of the Federal cruisers- there were on an average eighteen blockadisig the different entrances-as many as 164 runners successfully passed in and out in the twelve months elapsing between Oct. 1, 1868, and Oct. 1, 1861, The value of imports. through the blockade, for the year ending June 30, 1854, was 3,27(3,000 dols.; and of exports, 65,185,000 dols..figures not even attained in prosperous times before the war, when imports were almost nil, and exports consisted only of lumber, resin, turpentine, and farm produce. There are two approaches to the Gape Fear River, one at the New Inlet navigable for vessels not drawing more than Oft., and one at the 'Western Bar, between Smith and Oak Island where the depth varies from 1) ft. to 18 ft. To the extreme left of oak Island (not visible in the map) is Fort Camel and in a straight line with it, on Smith's Island, below Bald Head Light, is Fort Holmes. These two forts formerly commanded the channel, and kept the Federal cruisers at bay when chaig a blockade-runner too close to the bar. Oaswell, a very strong, oasemated earthwork, has been blown up by the Confederates, as also the batteries on Smith's Island, and Forts Johnson and Fender? one above, the other below Ssnithvifle, Fort Fisher against which Admiral Porter's attack was directed, forms the hey to the channel. The inner (direct) distance from Fort Fisher to Caswell is eight miles, but to go round by the Frying Pan Shoals, it is sixty-two miles. The fort itself is described as 'an enormous mound of sand"; but it mounted seveptyfive guns, Broolca's rifled, protected by traverses, with bombproof casemates below. The best instance of its extraordinary strength is that it sustained a continuous bombardment of twenty-one days, for the attack commenced on the 14th of December and terminated only on the 14th of January. The banks all along the river, as far as Wilmington, and some distance beyond, are protected by formidable masked batteries; and torpedoes and other obstructions-piles and wrecks-have been laid down in the channel by the Confederates, to impede navigation. Even before the arrival of the Northern armada, that portion, of the river between Fort St. Philip and Port French required the utmost skill and caution to pilot a vessel of any width through without running aground or against some bidden danger. Although secret information reached Wilmington as early as the 18th of December of the departure of the Federal fleet from. Fortress Monroe, the military authorities in command so little expected an invasion that there were only 400 effective soldiers in the town, and a little over 200 in Fort Fisher when the shelling began. The Federal forces are now before Half ldoon Battery, about fifteen miles below Wilmington; and, as possession of the town is of great importance to them-it commands the high roads to Charleston and Petersburg-they are sure to use strenuous exertions to effect its capture; and this we may expect to hear of by next mail, the Confederates not being prepared for hostile demonstrations in thatqurrler before spring, nor able to spare sufficient troops for a length nnl Ten-stance.
Iai the early part of the week came news from America which excited legitimate hope that the combatants were weary of the 'war. We were informed that agents from the South had been empowered to meet the heads of the Federal Government, and to discuss tema of compromise. We also learned, that the authorities at Washington had consented to receive these Confederate gentlemen, and. that a meeting had actually taken place. President Lincoln, having previously dispatched. Mr. Seward to Hampton Roads, went thither himself, and met Messrs. Hunter, Campbell, and Stephens on board a steamer, and it is said that their "informal conference" lasted for four hours. The last mail confirms the intelligence that the meeting has been without a result, and that the parties have returned to their respective abodes.

We find ourselves unconsciously lingering over this detail,

though it is a 'rain one. How gladly should we have narrated

every incident in the history had we been able to end it with the intimation that the heads of a treaty had. been agreed upon. There was not an honest-hearted man in 'England who did not hail the intelligence of the early part of the week with satisfaction, arid, indeed, with glaines. It was felt that the period was o r'rtue for pacification. The Northern armies had.
accomplished. splendid. things, and. had. so triumphantly vindicated. the claim of the Federals to superiority of force that they could well afford. to close the game, and. leave the South unaubdued., and, proud of the gallant soldiery that had held the capital against all corners. There was no loss of honour to the Confederates in giving in when every one of their ports was closed ; for they were like to a brave garrison that had yielded to the power of the assailants to draw lines all round the fortress. On the great question of slavery, too, there seemed now but little on which the antagonists need contend; for while the North had for the second time confumed the decree of freedom, the South had virtually conceded the same boon, by preparing to place arms in the hands of the negroes and giving them liberty in exchange for their services in the field of battle. There remained, as we thought, an admirable subject of debate, or piPeo if e resistance., on which treaty-makers might expend all their rhetoric and superfinous energy, and do battle with a not unwise hypocrisy, because such discussions would lead. men's minds away from the savage feelings of war, and this was the financial question which has been so often declared to have been the rock on which the ship Union really split. Throwing aside State rights and an absolute Union until the promise of peace should have made men so resolved upon it that there could be no danger of the failure of the negotiations, the emissaries from the South and the authorities from Washington might have talked tariff until the minds of all were prepared for constitutional debate and the resumption of friendly relations.

 It was not to be. Englishman will again be told, both by South and North, that we sordid islanders have never been able to attain to the true estimate of an idea, The North will jeer us for thinking that it would ever give up the glorious fiction of Union; the South will ask us indignantly whether we believe that it would be content with the fact of independence unless it bad the name also. And we can only reply that we are practical people, and are well satisfied to dispense with names when we can have things. and. that we do not care to fight when nothing is to be gained. by fighting. We know that a real Union, such as is dreamed. of by the more sanguine Federals, is an impossibility; and that nothing can blend and fuse provinces which are really distinct nations, with different customs, creeds and objects, into one harmonious whole. But the honour of the North might have been conserved by a treaty arrangement that should. conserve the mighty idea. We know that the South must, unless foreign aid. be granted, ere long succumb to the overwhelming power, numbers, and resources of its enemies, and that it cannot, therefore, demand a formal recognition of independence; but it has, by its gallantry, and by the terrible obstacles which it -will for a long time be able to throw in the way of the Federals, earned the right to a real liberty, which might have been assured to it, informally, by a little judicious diplomacy. We may be taunted with the smallness of these views; but when we consider that our small scheme would. instantly have checked the flow of blood and speedily have arrested. the flow of treasure, while giving both parties all that they could reasonably desire, and. that the grand ideas of each side have caused. the negotiators to separate and the signal to be given for new slaughter and. new expenditure, we are not so much ashamed of our insular pettiness as we probably ought to be. At all events, we are anxious to -assure our American brethren on both sides that we hailed. the tidings of possible peace with a satisfaction for which some of them will not give us credit, and that it was not a wild. and childish greediness for good news that made us receive the intelligence so eagerly. We had thought over the situation, and perceived, as we believed, that it was far from an unhopeful one, both champions being in honourable attitudes, and the real causes of the war having been absorbed. We had. therefore'some right to be bitterly disappointed when the second mail told. us that all has been in 'mm. Not quite in vain, however, for it is a good thing that the peace idea has so far made its way that Mr. Lincoln can meet the ambassadors of Mr. Davis. Let us hope that they may soon meet again, and to better purpose.
,the same.

Tout CotcvnNTION r,EPTCTING THE CsnnTAoe LAnts.-Sir 5. WAnBIT, pursuant to notice, asked for information relative to the circumstances which bad led to the notice given by the Government of the United States of North America to terminate the convention under which England and the United States mutually engaged not to fit out naval armaments upon the Canadian lakes, also respecting the abrogation of the treaty of commerce between the provinces of British North America and the United States, and moved for all papers end correspondence connected with these subjects.-Lord PhLsucnsroos said he diet not intend to go into any explanations in reference to the relations of this country with the United States, because he did not think that such a discussion, at the present

¥ time, would be productive of any good effect. Re did not, however, consider, looking at all the circumstances of the matter, that the notice to terminate the convention could be construed into an exhibition of hostile feeling towards this country. Certain things had taken place of which the United States' Government had reason to complain; and if they could by any means protect the property of their citizens they were surely justified in so doinu. With regard to the Reciprocity Treaty, no official notice could be given to terminate It until the lath of March, when the flied period of ton years would have slapeed.

ii21aouee then went into Committee.
iii air respective Congresses the result of the late Peace Conference at

:Fort Monroe; and they agree in stating that President Lincoln

refused to recognise in any way the Southern Confederacy, or to make

peace on any other terms than tha unconditional return of the South

to the Union.

President Lincoln's account of the negotiations was received in

Congress on the 10th. It is of considerable length, and, is very com

plete in its details, narrating the circumstances of Mr. Blair's visit to

ichmond, and supplying all the despatches preliminary to the meeting of the President with the Confederate Commissioners in Hampton Roads, as well as giving a report of the proceedings of the Conference itself. Though Mr. Blair went to Richmond with the consent of the Government, he had no authority to speak or act for it. Mr. Davis sent a letter by him expressing his 'willingness to send or receive Commissioners, and Mr. Lincoln subsequently stated his willingness to receive gentlemen informally chosen on behalf of the Confederates, with the object of securing peace on the basis of an undivided country. Before the Confederate oxnmissioners were met by the President they were given to understand that the negotiations were to be informal, and that no proposition which in the slightest degree contemplated a recognition of the Confederate States could be for a moment entertained. During the conference Messrs. Stephens, Hunter, and Campbell endeavoured to effect an agreement for an armistice, but were informed by Mr. Lincoln that there could be no suspension of hostilities till the Confederates had disbanded their armies and acknowledged their allegiance to the national Government, and also that there could be no recession on the slavery question. General Grant had been previously instructed not to allow the presence of the Southern agents within his lines to cause any delay m his military operations. President Lincoln's account of the peace mission concludes in the following terms :-

 On the zooming of the 3rd the three gentlemen, Messrs. Stephens, Hunter, anal Campbell, came aboard of our steamer and had an interview with the Secretary of State and myself of several hours' duration. No question of preliminaries to the meeting was then and there made or mentioned. 1o ether person was present, no papers were exchaageci or produced, and it was in advance agreed that the conversation was to be informal and verbal merely. On our part, the whol substance of the instructions to the Secretary of state, hereinbef ore recited, was stated and insisted upon, and nothing was said inconsistent therewith; while, by the other party, it was not said that in any event or on any condition would they ever consent to reunion; and yet they equally omitted to deol5re that they would so consent. They seemed to desire a postponement of that question, and the adoption of some other course Srst, which, as some of them seemed to argue, might or might not lead to reunion, but which course we thought would sunnnt to an -d nit. postponement. The conference ended without result. The foregoing, containing, as Is believed, all the information sought, is respeCtfully submitted.

Executive Mansion, Feb. 10, 1865.  Aniwitar Liscony,

Some of the New York journals have expressed an opinion that the way is now opened to a further and perhaps more successful conference; but the Tribune, the organ of the Government, says that "there is nothing left but a vigorous prosecution of the war, and that, with full ranks and a full treasury, sixty days will suffice to kill the rebellion."

 War is equally the cry of the Confederates. At a mass meeting

convoked by the Governor of Virginia, held at Richmond, at which

President Davis was present, resolutions were unanimously passed

spurning the terms proposed by Mr. Lincoln and expressing the

determination of the Southern people to maintain the war to the last

extremity. Richmond journals scout all ideas of peace, and advocate fighting it through. General Lee has expressed himself as follows:"Any compromise of our struggle would only prove a truce or armistice, and would only be an unmanly shrinking from present duty that would entail upon our children untold disaster." The Legislature of Texas had passed resolutions declaring their determinatfon to accept no peace that did not guarantee independence.

General Grant's army is no longer mudbound. On the 5th inst.

two divisions of his army moved, one along the Weldon Railroad, towards Reams station, the other to the left to Hatcher's Run, a short distance from the Southside Railroad. The Confederates were driven from their rifle-pits, and the Federals intrenched themselves in the position they had won. They captured a large commissariat train. On the 6th and 7th Grant put out his forces to the left still more, and, though they eristailied a "temporary repulse," with the loss of more than a thousand men, they succeeded finally in establishing their position, and occupied four miles beyond their former lines. Substantially this is corroborated by General Lee, who adds that General Pegram was killed. A rumour prevailed that this movement was intended as a cover to an advance on Wilmington by General Terry, at the head of a large force.

General Sherman appears to be steadily pushing forward. One of his columns was moving on Branchvifle, and there was a rumour afloat (lacking confirmation, however) to the effect that it was taken, I Another column was moving towards Charleston.

Movements of troops in other parts are rumoured, but nothing definite concerning them is known.

An arrangement had been made for a general exchange of prisoners between the belligerents.

General Lee has appealed to the Southern people for carbines, pistols, revolvers, and saddles for the equipment of an additional cavalry force.

The Confederate Senate has almost unanimously rejected the bill for putting 20,000 negroes into the Confederate army. The Senate has also confirmed the appointment of Mr. Breckinxide as secretary for War; and has passed a vote of thanks to Mr. John Lancaster, the owner of the Deerhound, for rescuing Captain Semmes and his officers from the Alabama.
Indiana, Ohio, Missouri, and Maine, in addition to the States mentioned last week, have ratified the constitutional amendment abolishing slaver but it has been rejected by Delaware. The Governor of Kentucky has recommended its adoption, but thinks the Government should pay Kentucky 34,000,000 dols., the value of the slaves in that state.

President Lincoln has signed the joint resolution to give England

notice of the termination of the treaty of 1817 regnlatmg the naval force on the lakes. The resolution is preceded by a declaration that peace on the frontier is endangered by hostile expeditions, which the naval forces of the two countries may be insufficient to prevent.

The Vice-President has officially informed the Federal Congress that Lincoln and Johnson have been elected for four years. 213 electoral votes were cast for Lincoln and Johnson, arid twentyone for M'Clellan and Pendleton.

BRITISH NORTH AMERICA.

The Montreal Court has refused to grant further delay in the case of the St. Albans raiders. The refusal is regarded as deciding the case against the prisoners. Their counsel asked for delay on the ground that the messengers sent to Richmond were unable yet to reach their destination. It is unofficially announced that the raiders will, if surrendered, be delivered to the authorities of Vermont for trial, according to the State laws.

A mass meeting has been held at Toronto, at the call of the Mayor, condemning the Government for passing the Alien Bill and for refunding the money taken by the St. Albans raiders. An amendment, asadopted bya1aremajority. -
That famous Amazon of Secessia, Belle Boyd, now Mrs. Hardingeand whose marriage to the gallant bat susceptible lieutenant whom she converted, as Omphale converted Hercules, to Southern proclivities, was one of the fashionable events of lest season-is in London, end proposes, it is said, to publish her memoirs as a Secesh partisan and aide-de-camp to Stonewall Jackson. These memoirs cannot fail to be very interesting. Belle Boyd has been the Flora Macdonald, the Madame Lavalette, of the South, and has suffered captivity, exile, and poverty for the cause which she believes to be the true one. It will be gatifying to her friends to know that her husband, who was taken prisoner while attempting to run the blockade-and who, under the circumstances, might have expected to languish in a Federal prison until the termination of the war-has been conditionally released, and has rejoined his wife in England.

There is another American lion-for Belle Boyd deserves the nobler gender-just now in London, and who is being lionised to the last hair of his mane. ii est do Mcrriy / as they used to say in the days of the Grand Monarqur and a grand field-day was held in his especial honour at Alderahott last week. This lion, however, roars from the Northern aide of the hedge. His name is General Barlow, and he is one of the youngest and bravest of the Union generals. At the commencement of the war General Barlow was a peaceful lawyer in New York city; but, his blood fired by the attack on Samter, he enlisted in the Federal arniyns a private; rapidly obtained promotion; was in all the pitched battles in the Wilderness and at Spottsylvania Courthouse; captured a Confederate briade 5000 stronu; and for his diatinguiaked gallantry, was made a Major-General. fins Paiin of the North is a slim, beardless, well-sliapen yonthjust such a one as you might picture George Brummell to have been when he was a Cornet in the 10th Hussars-and does not look six-and-twenty. Bat what are years to those who are made of the heroic stuff? How old was Wellington at Assaye, and Napoleon at Aroola?

t_,_t,sL___Js
THE PRONG-HORNED ANTELOPE.

THE Zoological Society of London have lately purchased of a London.

dealer in wild animals the only specimen, it is believed, yet brought to England of the Pronghomed Antelope (Antilope furoifer), which is commonly known in North America by the name of the "Cabree goat." This animal is never found east of the Mississippi, but inhabits the great western prairies of North America, from the 53rd deg. of latitude to the plains of Mexico and California, and was formerly numerous in the country watered by the Saskatchewan River; frequenting the open plains and hills, but never inhabiting the closely-wooded districts.

During the winter, however, itmigratesfromnorthto south, and return in the wttrwer season, It is aowbvcozningsvaroe Lamest parts. Its ordinary
size, when full grown, is

about 8 ft. high and 4 ft.

4 in. long from the nose

to the ti of the tail. The body as covered with long hairs which loses its elasticityincold weather; there as an erect mane upon the neck; the head, ears, and legs are

-

clothed with short, close

hair, Of a common de

scription. The colour is generally a light fawn colour; except the white stripes across the throat and about the legs and tail. The home rise perpendicularly from the skull, unanediately above the eyes; they spread outwards and are straight tin within two or three inches of the points, where they curve suddenly backwards and inwards, forming a small hook;. the prong, which is little move than an inch in length, projects from the front of the horn, about half way up from the root; the lower part of the horn, below the prong, is rough and of aflttish shape; above the prong it as round, black, land polished. The specimen now in the gardens of the society in Regent's Park is a young male, which was brought from California to New York, and thence re. exported to England.
A physician, occupying a high official position in Massachusetts,

says that since the beginning of the war there has been aresnericable decrease

in cases of insanity among women, attributed by him to the various charitable and, benevolent operations occasioned by the war, which have excited the

sympathies and received the support of women. - - -, - - - - - - -
The crew of the Confederate cruiser Florida, captured at

Bahla by the war-steamer Wachueett, were released from Fort Warren, in

Soeton Harbour, on the 3rd inst., and placed on hoard the steamer Osnade,

from which they were duly landed at Liverpool.
AMERICA.

By the Inn]a1 team-1bip City of London, we have news from New York to the 18th nit., when gold was quoted at 1O4 per cent prernhim.

G eteral Sherman occupied Brasiehvifle on the 8th ult. According to the tatemcut of a Federal courier, who \vw said to have left
General herman's army and to have ridden across the country to Smithvlile, near the mouth of Cape Fear River, the occupation of -Branchville was preceded by three days' hard fighting; but the Richmond journals made no mention of any battle, merely announcing that Branchvillc was abandoned because the Federals had occupied Orangeburg, and that General Beauregard had taken up a new flee for the purpose of covering Columbia. The latest accounts from Richmond stated that the vanguard of General Sherman's nanny had reached the south ban] of the (Jongaree River at a point a few miles

¥ east of Columbia; that the Confederates had fallen back to the north bank of he stream, and that a battle was imminent. A steamer, under a flag of truce, had brought -from Richmond rumours (not

_'very trustworthy) that General Sherman had been checked and General Beauregard killed,

Nothing important had occurred in the neighbourhood of Richmond or Petersburg. General Grant was busily engaged iii fortif ring his new position at Hatcher's Run, He has extended his pckets to Shiney Creek.

The Federals were continuing their operations against Wilmington. General Terry had made three attacks on the Confoderat lines at. Sugarloaf, north of Cape Fear River, all of wljic", th,agh assisted by the whole of Porter's fleet were repulsed.by the Confederates The result of a reconnaissance at 'Wilmington was, we are told, the advance of the Federal lines three miles. The new ground was held and works thrown up on it as strong as those to which the Co afecterates bad retreated. Lieutenant Cashing made another reconnaissaine to the obstructions opposite Fort Anderson, crossed the obstruclioas, passeti up to Wilmington, and made a complete examination of Ui wharves and shipping. Re also proceeded to Charlotte, North Carolina, and destroyed all the provisions there.,

 Three thousand Federals had effected a landing at James -Islind,. within three miles of Charleston. The object of the movement was. unknown.

General Thomas had arrived in New Orleans; but it was not known how large a part of his army he had taken with him, or whether his operations were to be directed against Mobile or against Texas.

At the great war meeting held in Richmond Mr. Benjamin, the Secretary of State, delivered a speech strongly enforcing the necessity of employing negroes as Confederate soldiers. The Richmond Senate,. however, has taken a different -view of affairs; and, while that body has decided upon the employment of 40,000 negroes in a menial capacity in the army, it has voted. down the proposal to arm two hundred thousand of them.

The plan of the new Confederate flag, submitted some time ago by Major Rogers for the consideration of Congress, has been adopted by the Military Committee of the Rouse and Senate, and will henceforth be the national emblem of the Confederate States. The change made in the flag consists in the division of the field into a white bar aid a red bar in equal proportion, the red bar being at the outer end oF the. field.

President Lincoln has called an extrordinary session of the S mate for the 4th of March, "to receive and act upon such commuuicaions as may be made on the part of the Executive."

Mr. Feasenden has submitted to the Committee of Ways and Mins a financial plan for the next fiscal year. It provides for the iss.m of a loan of 600,000,000 dais, in such form of bonds and such ratis of interest, not exceeding U per cent, as may seem most advisable t the Secretary. The total public debt on Feb. 1 is officially annoiuiod at 2,000lbS,000,000dols.; the total interest is )S.l3O,000 dols.

The Federal House of Representatives had passed a bill imp reing a duty of per cent on all sales and an internal revenue tax of eight cents per pound on cotton.

The Senate has refused an appropriation for the Niagara Ship Canal..

Congress has passed a bill for the establishment of a mail steam-ship line between San Francisco and China.

Captain Beales, concerned in the Lake Erie affair, and sentenced to

be hanged, has been respited,

Minnesota and Kansas have ratified the constitutional amendment, making fifteen States who have adopted it. The majority repori of the judiciary committee of the Kentucky State Senate recomuiruds the rejection of the constitutional amendment. The minority report insists on compensation as a condition to precede the ratification.

Letters from Petrolia state that wells, rich and valuable, are beingevery week struck.
