I'BE =N's SPEECH.

11cr :ncajrriy boo abstained from taking any step with a view to induce a -cemntten of the conflict between the contending parties in the North Asnorican States; because It has not yet teemed to her Majesty that any such avertrco could be nitrated with a probability of success.

Her Majesty has viewed with the deepest cenecro the desolating warfare which still regro In these regions; and she has witnessed with heartfelt- grief the revere distress and suffering which that war has Indicted open a large class of her Mejretp'e enhjeete, but which have been borne by Users with noble fortitude and with exemplary resignation, Ills sums consolation to her Mnjnty to be led to hope that this suffering and this distrous are rather

¥dtmieiabiog than increasing, and that earns revival of nmploymuotiabeginniog to take I:ace in the manufacturing districts.

the clerk et tht table,  -

Earl Dtoittr raw to move an address in reply which no nasal was a nesro rote of the b cockle f. ,

or run e nyal If ighocan the Pr ace of Wales and the is  ry

The Earl of PstdletllD,-in a bold epeocli, seconded tim oddocos.

The 11001 of DEtain contrasted the circumstances coder which the House

new ocecoeblrd with those which marked the opening of Parliament last year

he noise to the moris whirls her Majesty's Government had takes with regard to lbs treolnibig war now raging in the United States. He regretted that the Government had not felt themselves jnstidod in joining In the attempt, however tepelceo, fit which they wore invited by the fovereign of lirnum, net to lntrrvrce for the poopore of potting an rind to the near, hot to obtain by thulr goof citrIc, if pomlblr, such on armistice and cewotiee of hostilities as would load the toe parties themselves, to reflect on the miseries and hopelessness of the woo to w-leirh they were engaged. But, before he eeooorcd the course token by the Gevernoemt, it was but fair that be uhoold sap that they were In Iwe0005lns of ninth better Information than be was mis whether any intrrlrronce ectbrir part would have been a judirtoos step. He differed from the opinion whirls bed been ewpreoecd by many of his political friends that the time lied arrived for reecgsetotog t he Southern Statm. There were only awe room in whirls a rrregeitten on the part of anentoal Power could bcjootldedonmoly, where there woo no further struggle geleg 00, as was the cane when the fanth American Stales which bed ravelled fe-mn Spain were mmgnbued, or when it was desirable in the interact of humanity that the great Powers

"Id interfere in order to preT ut the longer ountinuatice of d I ting

too warfare. Dot in that case recognition was always followed by onmetblng further. It meant the support by force of arms of the claims of the country whose rights were reeogntooel. such an was the cone to the separation of Pelglnm frem Bell.. d tied ef Greece Item Turkey. 111a morletlon was that, come tntnt may, the rrrveetrnotieo of the United States as they formerly

- deed was obsoletely lmpnwlblc and, on 11w whole, be approved of he cauroo wblnb brr Mojsoiy'e Cl nnosmarct ted taken There wnoanother aopentlu which the warinhmn-icn had erootnnrbearing upon tbeledisetry,bnpnineas, endprm

Earl Itooano.t, in reply to the remnolm of the noble Sari, jmtldocl the policy of oeeintervention which the Government had pncsucd to intercom to the American War, The eircn500tnneeo were very different from those wtieh octetS when Ilclgloon -won separated from Holland and Greece from Turkey and, taking all matters into consideration, be thought her Majesty's Government hoot token the wisest course to their power to puonce. At the some time he enproeved n strong opinion that it would finp-lo union of the Northern and Southern. States to be agate colabliahed. 4WItp

The Earl 0f MAtalimnninY ecprseeed great regret that her Majesty's guycromeet lund net joined with France in an attempt to mediate between the two mnteadieig partsm In America, on that that deplorable struggle might khe bmuglot to satisfactory termination.
Earl Cliteir differed from herd iraleneebury in be'Jeviug that the G-everemun' lied neglected their duty tndecllaic gtejoin withi'raneo in theoffer ol l-hulrg:ej affirm In the dispute tetwoen' the Northern and Smith- States of diarrhea, (1 the geed eltem of her Majesty's Government be roojunotion with Franc wouhi have contributed to produce the termination of the war it would have been cryotoleneldell they hod refitted to e,cernler them; but, looking at the stale of feeling in ilea, with regard to this country at that time, he thought the iuteeeeeuee of the Gereenmout would have produced mere harm than need.

,_., .......... T 1., t 1 ,  _ a

HOUSE OF COMMONS.-TmsnsliAT.

gets ADDRESS IN ANSWER TO TIED QUEEN'S arsEnIc,

The Spanker having read from the chair her Majeety'e gracious Sp

Mr. G,ttgteeeurn rote to move the address in reply, and, reelecting the principal topics to the Queen 'a Speech, briefly but warmly onlegleed the proceedings and pulley of the Government. He warmly neltnoovlodgod the aubooriptiocu from America for the distress to Luncuuhteo; which, tent to the midst of the pettish and hostile attacks of the prose, showed that the respectable closest were well disposed towanle England. lie deeply deplored the reams 51 the war, and the extremes to which the meet violent parties were ready to go to the Northem States, at the same time nupresslag a heurtyadmiration ef the gallantry and fortitude of the Cufaderates.

The addrmn tiuving Coon rend from the chute,

Mr. DricuAteLl add the lfoe,se would deeply symputhieo with the feelings of

her Majesty on an toterertiog an event so the marriage of the hub apparent

~~ Thii - Home - ivould also deeply symputUiso with the -Soveroign. in deploring the vlciasiledes to which a large and important portion of her unbjncte had been enbjeeted, and In her admiration of the fortitude with which they had been sustained. He trusted tint Iheac vioieotteedea would, however, have a tendency towards promoting a sounder and mere permanent prosperity ; and, whilst, they might rather be regarded us a miofertune thin a ealumity, they would teach all classes that they had an interest in one grout mmmonwealth. They migltt en tech neroslono expect to learn hew lcng this Pluto of things was likely to last; but, for his ocean purl, he renld not but regard what 'cue passing in America as scorelotion, Me bricdy sketched the rice of the Union, nod euprenoud an nphutoeu that the ultimate results of the war would be an America very different be that known to our fathers and even to this generation. There would be an America of farmers, me Amor.ca of diplomacy, and an America of turbulence nod nears. Me brbneed that the eoeeree originally marked out by the Govern. mreet was net hereemble to lIce country and benedeiel to all its inter %W. Re was, therefore, greatly mortified in tIne autnmn when an important member of the Government, apparently with the Practice of hte mttoagsee, reads a decluruof en wldeh maid strip be regarded as an intention to roccgnho the Confederate Republic, Me felt that this was a great vacillation and Inc enetstrney. The Foreign Secretary mid that the North was fighting for sceptre need the teeth for tcdenrndeers; but the President of the Board of Tend; the other day elleged that the cause of the woe am slavery. Thn Chasm' mllor of the Prrohrqrnr was warmly in favour of the Senile; but he was followed by the ecrritun'y at War, who avowed optotcos dia,uetetnallr oppo-site; and, holly, the Chief Secretary of Ireland declared that it was his mn

vlctlcn that the Lord of Meets was fighting for the Confedaratec. (tflt7
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

The frieudsTof the negro hold a "monster" meeting at Exeter Hall last week-so crowded a one that it overflowed the limits of the large hall and filled an oratorical cistern in the basement, and an al fresoo tank in Exeter-street, The proceedings were of a most enthusiastic character, and the cause of the North, in connection with that of the abolition of slavery-for which last consummation all good men and true must fervently pray-was energetically advocated. The literary element was represented by Mr. Thomas Hughes, author of "Tom Brown's Schooldays" and. "Tom Brown at Oxford," and by Mr. T. M. Ludlow.
The JWiv York Times of the 17th says :-" Messrs. Clark and

Sons, of Cambridge, Massachusetts, have succeeded in making a lens two

Inches and a half greater in diameter than that of the famous telescope in the Ilars-ard University Observatory. That Is aboni lOin, in diameter; this more then lOin. It was made for a college in Mississippi, but the rebellion has annulled the contract. The contract price was about 10,000 dois, it is probably the largest object-glass in the world."
- -,----_, .

NEGRO EMANCIPATION: THE MEETING IN XETElt HALL.

As there are currents in the deep coo. (well known to the careful

manner) which have no n0005eary connection with the course of the

waves on the surface, end are often diametrically opposed to thorn,

oven when these latter appear to be triumphantly sweeping along

towards a given declination, so it seems public opinion may at the most critical momenta display similar phenomena; and startle the political mariner by the discovery that all late art in trimming his sails to the wand, all his steadiness in directing the helm to not enable him to baffle or escape from the unseen "gro,an‹-Swell " below, 'which is carrying him he hardly knows whither, but oerlo.inly not in the way that he wanted to go

No event in recent times has so strongly helped to remind us of this well-known, but halfforgotten, truth as the toasting of Thursday wesk in Racier Hall, Here have we been for many months past pretty well all of one mind as to the American question, that is to say, convinced the North is dghtingfos "empires" and the South for "independence ;" convinced that if the latter did not exactly behave well in the outbreak of the war, it has fought so splendidly since that it cannot be subjugated, and must therefore, in the end succeed ; convinced, dually, that it would be best on the whole to leave slavery at present where at is, in the hands of the masters, and, trust to the progress of humanity of kuowlodga of economical laws, and of the absence of irritation through abolition attacks, to vie away ultimately with so great an evil. That, we believe, is a fair statement of the svpiiaiona 'predominant generally through eocioty, in accordance with toe ceaiveleBe teaching of nine-tenths of the 'whole English press,

 That of lath a new element has began to be dimly 'visible. As the Northern Legislation and Administration have become of a more decidedly anti-elaveay cast we have heard of small local meetings rising like bubbles to the surface of public opinion, and evaporating with a feeble breath in favour of the North. Then it imdoicbfjedly, excited, surprise that the Lancashire operatives were so quiet under

all their Suffering as to render it impossible to rouse them into an

native agitation for blockade-breaking; and somehow it began to be whispered about that the explanation of their conduct was that they

did-, t feel quite satisfied about slavery not being at the bottom of the whole business of Southern revolt. But when Mr. Linoeln'e pro. alamation of September last, offering emancipation with compensation up to Tan. I and threatening emancipation without compensation on end after flat day if his offer were not a000pted-_when this broke like a thunder-clap upon the world we entered, upon a now and difficult, and anxious period. Per, while on the one hand there were but low pcroc'ne who did not still loudly denounce slavery, there were still fewer who did not see that Mr. Lincoln's Government had taken that tremendous step not because it was advisable or right in itself, but bccaiace be found the North could not beat the South without doing en. Of course, in eayino this we do net say or suggest that Mr. Lincoln woe a hypocrite, or tai he acted in opposition to his known character, antecedents, or wishes. We only say, as a matter of toot 'wlsieh cannot be disputed, that while the previous anti-slavery measures, such as (among others) the abolition of slavery in Columbia, the ueli'vla've trade treaty with England, the permanent exclusion of slavery from the territories, and the offer of Congress to assist the work of abolition by compensation, all obviously eprang from a porcine anti-slavery sentiment, this particular proclamation, the jest of the series, as obviously did not, but from the ncil'tea'y failures of the North. No wonder, then, that the general current ad opinion (having previously been such as we have described it) still remained on the whole friendly to the South end unfriendly to the North, or that it began to be generally believed that Mr. Lincoln's "military measure 11 would preen in its working a 'very inhuman measure, as leading to a servile war,

 But now there also began to be heard rumours of the formation of some now society-an Emancipation Society-originating, like the old eceti-elavea'y body, in the religious, and mainly in the dissenting, world. Names of supporters began to be handed about, someof them enjeying universal respect, some of them of world-wide reputation. More local meetings were beard ofespoaisaliy in the metropolis. Then suddenly Manchester burst out with en assemblage several thousand strong in the Pros Trade Holl. Liverpool merchants and others assembled to prepare for the renewal in their town of the former anti-clavery egitation, and decided, by an "overwhelming majority," to do cc, in spite of Mr. Spenco who was present, and, made ace eloquent, gallant, but unavailing u1l'or to keep cut of the resolutions an expression of Sympathy with the North. Thou, too, the journals condescended to notice the society in leaders, though the notices were not more corn

'plimentary than the conversation between the Prince and, the beggar-y, of which the boy was so proud, and which consisted simply in

the Prince's tolling him to get out of the way.

But whether the Emancipation Society esteemed the honour of

bob thus noticed more than it felt the sting of the contemptuous worse in which the notices were couched, or whether it grew bolder thin gh thlese, reli ' ary meetings, ib certainly ventured at last

ta" 0 Sergrto universal London, and "respectfully" to

o i Im its clux invite "all parties" to the great room of Exeter Hall on the night of Thursday, the 29th of January, 18(31. We ore careful to canard the date; for, if we do not misread the signs then and there presented this meeting will prove the turning-point of now and serious political issues. Thither we ask ties rouser mentally to accompany ice, Milling hire he need be candor no apprehension that we are about to try to influence big sympathies or guide his judgment; we assume only the humbler took of recording honestly that whiah we have heard end seen; arid which he, no an Englishman, knowing heir the grcateacee of over country is nurtured by the free expression of all honest opinion, and hew dependent the true Statesmen mast be canon the accurate knowledge of all each opinion, will, we are sure, be jiod to have faithfully related,

 Having tickets for reserved meats we do not present ourselves till about ten minutes before the time specified on hem-seven o'clock; but as we ascend the steps of the eortioo, we are warned by the streams of people that we are, perhaps, taking the matter toe leisurely. And so we find it when we get our first glimpse of the hail, and hurriedly oak for the eerie that were to have boon reserved, "W]aoro cm we go?" we ask despairingly, moved oat of our previous equanimity. The doorkeeper points to the far-distant gallery, high up and Says he thinks there may yet be a chance there. But even if has be right, 'which looks doubtful, it is certain that scoresnay, hundreds - of other persons will be discovering the vacancies long before we can possibly get there. We rush down stab's, ecisak to an official, use the open sesame of "the press," and are hopefully dismissed in quite another direction. But now, progress of any kind, oven through the corridors and Pages ges, becomes difficult, at times imoesible, throuli the surging crow who toss helplessly about, scoring rest for ems eclos of their foot mud finding none. There are backward eddies to break through, as well as forward ones to force a pines among. presentil we an Stopped by a barrier across EL flight of

stairs des ondin into ti a lobby, whore we Pant and strive. No

W a 00 whore we " man strive.

our in 8 fall p 0 lids roucla the Side b g  a ~auef find we

0 Dim

d bill

min how

a r v

d -a b out

" bb th~

_a p '00`7 ~1

'_ ' in

0, 0 0'  and

' ad, 6- P ter" h.

h r Evo _h_ _O my P 0

U lialeD it to -.a an dg

eti ~his `sai-~ d ew f the

to ne l7 tate. vp I.- if cone. a. an. of the . keep 0 . t ien I . Vp vi~al,  .,

 h do. al ~t it , ~ut h.

ar stem

au, v

night, before 'coo hear distant but mighty shouts below, rumbling like thunder among the valleys teen observer seated high oaths Jails; and prceesatly it is whispered about that the more overflow of this halt has filled, another ball below, and that these shouts ero from that second exulting macaryan taking peoseseisic. But oven that hail, we 000n hear, is equally incapable of dealing with the inflowmg streams of people, so, presently, the adjoining street (Exeter-street ) is ringing with the tumultuous cheers of a fiord, meeting, hold in the open ant Under these circumstances, and with the froqocnbly-occiirrcacgj incident that when we, who were above, were trying to be quiet and listen, those distant reverberations would acme up to the ear with a meet dramatic, end exciting effect from below, it is no wonder that the proper busycoos of the evening wont an candor a kind of high-pressure system, mentally and morally, and made it difficult for the calmest heads to Preserve their equilibrium,

Yet is it especially worthy of note (whate'vOr the use made of the fact) that none of the ordinary attractions helped to bring to'othsr this wonderful gathering. It is quite true what has boon SO, that no eminent statesmen or politicians were hare; that few or none of the old end famous antislavery I asnllioo were represented that none of the Speakers were men of genius; that commerce sent nonoof its marchcaoctprinccs; the aristocracy and gentry noes of their conspicuous members. But for that 'very reason we are driven to confess how great must have been the "ground-swell" of public opinion before at could thus beret upon our astonished eyes with all the suddenness and dory of the maelstrom end the waterspout, unless, indeed, we accept the solution since offered-that Federal money was the mainspring! -

The speakers of the evening were the Hon. and Rev. Baptist Noel; Mr. Hughes the well-known author of "Tom llrowia;" the Rev. Mr. Newonanilahl; Mr. Taylor, the member for Leicester; and Mr. Ludlow, a well-known aentributer to JJ'aceajf/iaa'sMmegoei'lC. Among the faces of supporters on the platform one could also distinguish liar. DenIse, Mr. Lucas; Mr. Victor Schaicher, the Trench exile; Mr. Mores, this American Oonoiil-General, and himself diotingcoehed as a man ol Practical science; Mr. Chemeco'vccw the secretary of the old AntiSlavery Society, whose presence served, to unite the parent body with this, ole vigorous successor; many clergymen, including Mr. Laudoils, Daweon Burns, 91. 0. 8oiiy, and P.ylunce; and a number of other gentlemen with whom the general public is more or lees I anailcarly acquainted.

 We should observe that Mr. Baptist Noel modestly acknowledged the farce of the earonems that have been. launched no to the anoagvoaficance of the promoters, but added, "they were only the pickets of the greet army of emancipation in this oeeuatry;" and the felicity of the retort was enhanced by the fact that the first business of the meeting' was to read letters of sympathy which had been received from such persons as James Sloan Mill, the fleet of living political economists ; from General Thompson, illustrious in the old days of anti-slavery and free-trade agitation (and who characteristically iecclosed £10 to the society as the best way of helping the Lancashire operatives) ; from Mr. James $tanefel,I and Mr. W. li Forater, the two most promising of all the independent Liberals recently elected to Parliament; from Professors Cairns, Newman, and Qoldwm Smith; from Mr. Ii. Miall, Isle. George Thompson, end several gentlesoon of local standing in our chief cities. The emancipation army, therefore, will not apparently be without its Parliamoiitary, generals, or its scholarly guides, whenever it begins to march.

If it had been possible after watching the reception given to the fret Sentences from the chairman, the Rev. Mr. Ifyans, to doubt the tons and temper of the assembled multitude, it was clearly impossible to do so when he referred in a perfectly dispassionate manner to these who 'wished to ace America divided into two confederacies. He was interrupted by a single voice that cried out "Emancipation and union " and then, as if that phrase had basic a kind of electric check that went to every heart, there broke forth the most tremendous Outburst of popular snthovoiaom it hoes everbocnccr fortune to witness. It could not stop, but went on and on, the whole audience having lsepsd to their feet with hats and handkerchiefs waving having apparently only waited for some such signal toreliovethomseheefrom the almost painful because suepsnclod enthusiasm with which they overflowed. This incident told, all that any one could have needed to know as to the feelings arid 'views of the meeting. But the fools were to recstva a atm mare remarkable illustration. Whenthe ohairman, a little later, happened to use the words, "Mr. Lincoln's election," again the came tremendous cheats areas, and if the President could only have beard them he mast have begun to doubt his own identity with the "beat-abused " men alive, as lie is generally esteemed to be.

 Another incident of the meeting was interesting. Mr. Noel, towards the does of his impassioned speech (which, however, was nil distinctly heard), stopped to announce that the coon of Bradford (4000 strong) were at that moment holding a similar meeting; and he proposed, to the great satisfaction of his auditory, to dispatch a telegram saying, "We are for emancipation and the Union; what are you I'" Exactly the same kind of thing occurred ate later hour with lard to Stroud, where, also, on emancipation mashing was being hold. These interruptions, with these arising from the constant re-echoing of the cheers from the two other meetings below and outside, gave quite atone to the evening.

We shall not attempt to describe the speeches, We desire only to note these passages in thorn which helped to bring out into strong relief the stale of opinion that prevailed to the meeting. Mr. Noel's speech was studded with such points. His narrative of recent proceedings in time South with regard to the cruel punishment of the slaves ; his assertion, founded on the testimony of Mr. Jay, that at least one csgro had been burned annually for twenty years for rising against their masters; his characterization of the Southern leaders as men of powerful intellect and energy; his demand to know the meaning of Mr. Dawis'o statement that the preciumation as doomed moliians of beings of an inferior race to extermination-all those were caught up so rapturously as to convoy the impression that the speaker must have expressed the views of his auditory even more perfectly than his amen.

Still it moist not be supposed that all the Audience were of one

mind. From each side of the platform, from the back of the platform, from the middle of the great gallery, from the middle and sides of the viol ball, rose from time to time crime of dioacat and Sarcasm; but when an amendment was moved, and. the mover, after fruitloso efforts to be heard, aided by a chivalrous but useless appeal from Mr. Newman Hail, had it read by the latter end put to the vote, the opposition dwindled away into come say two, some a dozen pair of hands, and so put the seal to his signal discomfiture, A similar but later attempt was equally ludicrous in its failure.

Decidedly the crowning speech of the evening was isle. Newman Hail's. Rio voice alone of all the speakers' voices filled easily and perfectly the enormous space. Ms slight physique, earnest face, and self-pcssssesd yet inapreseave manner, must have given to many, as it did to us, an idea of the strength of the Puritan element yet existing among us, but not allied, so so often if was of old, to fanaticism or to spiritual blindness towards everything grand or beautiful that is not directly and obviously religious. He it was who fraulily said they were not there to Justify the Northern dealing with the on gro; not there as advocates of the Union. (which be still does advocate), but el emancipation. And as his was perhaps the meet highly finished and cart-airily the meat successful aratoricel dipbay of the evening, We quote the poriraticn of his speech, with its magnificent invective
heart of free England can never wish to r500goieo an empire crowing a, it,

eoraer-rtewe the right to maintain end extend those abominations lchscrs). ood, lastly, as the recognition of an empire involves reception of its imbas. radar, that the loyalty of decal Britain toatheo the very Woo of such aa indignity being altered to the Royal Lady we delight to v000rato as that her pore, matroaty, and widowed hand, which wlotds only the acoptec of taco over the free, should over be contaminated by the his, of any foot aeooepleaey against olvttlcotloa, humanity, and God representative of as

We should despair of any attempt to give our readers on adequate notion of the feeling called forth towards our Queen or against slavery by the loot sentence.

our narrowing apace will not allow us to dwell on Mr. Taylor's powerful speech, in which he called John Brown "the Garibaldi of America," end so evoked a now manifestation in honour of the mommy of the men whose soul is said to be over marching on to the conquest of slavery; or to ha. Ludlow's, which was top iota in the evening to be done justice to. There is an end to everything, oven to the enthusiasm of such a meeting as this; so, after he had again ranged to something like lirht end glow the temper of the meeting in relation to Mr. Berceford fiono'e attacks on Me; Lincoln's infamy as exceeding even the infamy of flolohasoar, the proceedings were rapidly brought to a close.

And then, on once more reaching the open air, we heard that a accord meeting had been held n Exeter-street larger than the fret one, in order to thaw off the crowds from some unhappy Southern nvrnoathnere who had been too freely expragain a their aontimento. ho Iago, therefore, than four distinct meetinge nad been developed cut of the one intended meotino, each with its own chairman and speakers, among whom were TIr. Noel, Mr. Sheen, and several gentlemen who had been in America, including the chaplain of General Bnrnoide.

 We conclude, as we began, with no intention to express here our own views. But this one remark may be permitted. Whatever the result as regards North and South-the permanent rupture or the reunion of the Slates-it is impossible to doubt that the Divine hand is go fashioning things as to destroy slavery.

FRANCE AND AMERICA.

WE gave last week a summary of the despatch addressed by M. Drooyn do Lhuye the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, to M. Mernior, the French Minister at Washington, ooggoeling proposals of pence to the Federal Government. The following is a full trans.

letsen of the document:-To ax. olcieceon, MINISTER OF vine nhceonon AT W.tan100volc.

Paris Jan. 9,1803.

Sir,-If in farming the project of redoavoorhog by the OK of ear coed offices to shorten the duration of hostilities which are desolating the American Contfomt we tad act above all things been gadded by the friendship for the United States which indicates the Government of the Emperor, the small success; of our overtures might haw diminished the interest we feel In the incidents of this struggle. fat the sentiment we have obeyed is ice sincere to allow indifference to obtain entrance into our minds, or to prevent as from being painfully affected bytho continuance of the conflict. We macnt rogaed without profound rogrot this more than civil war, which may be compared settle the most terrible intestine mionoolloca of the old eepcbltos, and the disasters of which multiply in proporbiea to the resources end the courage displayed by each of the belligerents.

His Sfajcoto'o Government have fully oramloed, therefore,- the nbjsotloao mode be on "to we suggested the idea of a friendly mediation, and we have asked ourselves if they are rosily of a kind to exelade as prcmatora all attempts at rrccaclllatie,,.

 On the one hired, the repugnance of the United States to admit the Inter. vrclloo of foreign Influence has boon pointed out teas; and, on the other, the hope which the refuel Government has not abandoned of obtaining assloclon by force of ara,O.

Aaaeiedly, Sin there Is nothing In recurring to the good emcee of one or ecvreol opoteol Powers incompatible with the legitimate pride of a groatnatlan;

¥ oaf purely International ware do not alone furnish to with ocamploc of the useful port played by medIators. We macnOva, moreover, that 10 alhrteg to place ourselves al the disposition of the belligerents for the Purpose of !acdicatleg hst,ocen them negotiations, the taste of which act abstained from prejociriag, we tendered 10 the. patriotism of the U,,itod Stale' the regard more than ever doe to It now, after to many fresh proofs of moral force and concur. We are not leer prepared, in the denies, are e,etortaf a In favc,,r of pram, to make allowance for the smeeptibilitiss of national sentiment, and to be navies dispute the right of the Federal (lrvormncni to decline lice cm rprratioa of the great maritime Powers of Europe. But is this cooperation the rely moore ci shortening the war which offers iloolf to the Washington Cabinet? And If the latter thinks it ought to reject all foreign Intervention, might it not tocoorobly accept the idea of direct negotiations with the sublea. idly which represents the South?

'The Federal Government, we luasw, does net despair of giving a more active impales in hostilities: sacrifices- have see ochaooted its resources, still lees its perseverance or its firmness. The duration of the struggle, in fact, has not nhohro Its confidence in the nitlmote success of its effort,. But the opening of negotiations hctwccn the belligerents does not necessarily Imply the Immediate ee,oauan of I,eecf lItIco. Negotiations far pears are not al,raye the result of a suspension of arms; entice contrary, they more frequently precede Iho cehatliohmeot of a trace. Have not Plcoipotoatiarles often been known to assemble, enotscgo ccmaooaicatioae, agree upon all the essential clan" of treaties-any, oven docido the question of peace or war-while the military leaders rortlocef the rtr,'gghe end endeavoured be the last moment to ucailfy the conditions of peace by etc force of ov,ns P To cots only one instance it, the history of the tidied States-the negotiations which established their Independence commenced frog before hostilities had caused to the Now World. and the armistice was only established by the Instrument of the Both of November, 1702, which, under the tills of Provisional Articles, contained by anticipation the principal clauses of the cnn1 treaty of 0707.

 Nothing, therefore, would prevent the United dlatso' llorsramrat-witltaat renouncing the ofvaecogesic may anticipate from the continuation of the war -from eottclag into negotiations with the Southern Confederates, supposing the Confederate. themselves are willing. Representatives, or commlmionere of the two sides, could more at a given place, which it might be desirable to declare neater for that p,crpocs. The complaints of both might Ca examined at this meeting, Sneered of the aeccuatlane at present interchanged between Rout end South, a discussion of the interests which divide them would he substituted. They ,ereold determine, by rogcclae and comprehensive dshiheralisa, whether them interests are defnltlvelyerrorcaodablol whether separation tern extremity winch can as longer be avoided: or whether the recollections Of o common e,ricience and the ties of every kind which have made North and South me end the name Federal Stale and reload it to each a height of prosperity err not more powerful than the moles which have indacsd the two PQ polatioco to take op acme.

A ergctlatieo, the object of which was thus fstormlned. would not carry with It any of the obiectionu ccrgcd agaheol a diplomatic Intervention of Europe; md without giving c'Ioe is the name hares is the Immediate Canelusion of an aresiotico, it would exercise a favoarabh influence upon too progrms of evenle. Why, therefore shcold not a suggestion which pay, all defer core is the fcclhcgo of the United Statso obtain the approbation of the Fedrrol Gaveremnnt? h'seocecdrd mere are that Ills lo conformity with their real interests, we do act hesitate be recommend ft to their attention; and, not having dcoicvd to males any ostentatious parade of influence in the Proposed mediation of too moritims Powers, we should rejoice, without the slightest feeling of amour f',vprr at the opening of negotiations summoning the two populations to diecomtlo relation of their differences Without the ca.oporaelhls of camps. g hog of you to aware the Washington Cabinet of this in rosotha,roficg in its wlndom counsels that am dictated by the moat athooro Interest in the oea,,erlty of the United Stairs, too are authorhood, moreover, to leave with eli. Soeenrd a espy of this despatch, it he wishes is have one.

Dnaurx no LcgutS.
have, unnoticed, tuoneA the enemy ?e stronghold. Still In vain, however. Everywhere we find denee masses of people; and we are about to melee the Englishman's lost confession and acknowledge ourselves beaten, when, happily, we come across one of the speakers of the night floundering an the same difficult strait, but who obviously eanol get in. flat fact gives tan new hope. We appeal to hint. He gallantly takes us in tow, shouts "Reporter!" when advance in otherwise impossible, and en we get at met into a sort of little black hole of Calcutta, where we grow at once hopeless of further progress and certain of beIng stilled if we stay where we are. Here, however, to our immense relief, a deer opens; some half dozen of us are shot suddenly forwards and lucidly do net fell; another instant, and we are rosining up the stairs of the little box or revered way that admits its to the platform, and there find breathing apace and fall opportunity to drink in, in one wondering, awe-stricken glance, the sublime spectacle of avaet sea of upturned faces, loekingup towards another sea eraroely less large that, in defiance of all the Us of gravity, has ascended end evee flowed every nook end corner of the upraised expanse of the erehrr tm, leaving only the organ in the centre towering calmly above the rr citd and eloping tide of life.

But scarecl7 has this scabbing mum of humanity begun to grow quiet and satisfied in the pleasant and. soothing sense of successful conquest end poeeeeeieu, and to address itself to the business of the

against slavery, where he semite ;-  -

That "God bee made of one bleed all nations to dwell upon the face of all the earth' (cheers) that there tone right m snared as time which amen has to himself, no wreeg eo flagrant as that el robbing a moo of himmie (cbo,ro); that It is an abcuteattoa to steel a men set to sell him (loci cheore) l that It I, no eme an abomination to brood o meet and to eel him (firer, hear) then for a man to barter away his own offspring for gold (loin

cheers) that it teen abomination to expose men and women en the auction-blank end feel their mea'elee and head then over to the Lisbon bidder as

you would cattle (Shame I); that It is en abomination to deny to a woman the rights of chmitty' and maternity (Hear) that it Is an abomination

X to declare that a coloured man has no rights which awhile man rend respect (lOose, hear) ; that it is en abomination to dog a naked women, whether oh, be a Beegeeieo Ceentem or no African slave (gear, tear); that it is an abomination to tee, imprison, dog, end, on a repetition at the net, hang a men far teaching another men to road the Bible (Hear, heir); that it is hideous blasphemy to cite that Bible of a God of tore in deface of such abominations (Bear, hose) that a confederacy of mm fighting to enter to commit three ehemteatieoe should he regarded an engaged to a portentous pitney rather then en legitimate warfare (ebeeee); that the conscience aol
Messrs. Gloss, Elliott, anti Co., of London,had proposed to the Pr,ioool Ooyen,oirnt to gins the roost with a tnlrgmpl,.wire from Fortress Moorno to Now Orleans, raid to Golveston, it orctrsary. The johst oonr,nttteo, agog] and military, are onto to be most hovoorobty inepreerod with the scheme as fneioped. Secretory litsoton has written a ttttnrto the ooilhlasy roinotitton rrcopemondlog tho project -
AMERICA.

The Montreal Company's steamer Uftemian has brought no Boston

'journals of the Slat and Canadian of the 30th tilt.

WAR NEW.

General Barneide hoe resigned the command of the army of the

Potomac, and Genaa'elHaaker has beenapj?eintedhis succeager. Generals

Franklin and Sumner have been relieved of their commands. Intherlz

places General Couch oem mends the right, General Mead the centre, General W. P. Smith the left, and General Siegel the reserve. Snow is six feet deep at Salmon th, and the roads are impassable. Genera! Surnaide'e loiter of resign alien says that the army would, under more favourable oiroumetanoes, have accomplished great results. LnGeneral Hooker's short address on taking command there eerure the following passage

lathe record of year achievements there is mach to be pmed of, and with

the blessing of lied we will contribute something to the reaewa of Our arms seal the eecreae of ocr mace. To eeeare these soda year commander will require the ebeereol and eealees eeeperatlea of every officer and soldier in. this army. In equipment, lotelligeaae, and valour the enemy is our inferior. Let en cover hesitate to give him battle, wherever we coo end heal.

General. Garneide is to be examined before a Senatorial Cammettes concerning the obstacles thrown in his way by inferior officers. S. list has been prepared of more than eighty army officers who are to be summarily dismissed from the service, far the use of improper language in reference to their euperiere and the Cammander-en-Chief in connection with the removal of General M'Clelian, and the courtmartial and sentence of General Pita-John Porter.

General Franklin has demanded a court-martial to inqasie into the alleged 011-gee against him of tardiness and inefficiency.

General Joseph Hooker is a native of Massachusetts. He served. in

Metro On General Pillow's Staff, but resigned after the war. Me Was living in California when the war broke out. General Beernatde has retired to his State, Rhode Island, where he has been flatteringl5 received by his feliew citizens.

The reports that the army of the Potomac is much "demerslised by the attitude taken by the Democratic party are confirmed.

General Fester's (Federal) army in North Carolina has had a slight advantage, and was advancing in two columns in Wslslengten and Yin g$on.

From Feet Royal we hear that a naval conflict was impending

between the Federal gun-beat Mentaesh ased the Confederate ram

Thagel, said to be guarding the steamer Nashville.
Acecunfe 'from flavonnah report extensive depralatiu upee the

American shipping in the West Indies by the Confederate steamer

Crete, new called the Florida. Great consternation prevailed am ng

the American captains in the West Indies, and severol, whore vassals

'were irdy for sea, had not ventured to leave port.

A Confederate steamer, supposed to be the A.labam'i, alter a shirp vngageinent, sunk the Federal gun-brot Hatteras oh' Golvest in. The Hatlerue sank with all on board, except one officer and live man, who were picked up by the Brooklyn. The Hatteras was an ironclad carrying three and 32-pounders.

,Jeh reranc/,c, the Federals have destroyed the (Jonfelerate iron-clad

steamer in llayoutche. They have also flanked the Cotifecterots forces in that section.  -

The Federal forces in the south-west combined for a third attempt .to open I he Mississippi have commenced operations near the moulh of the Yazoo. General M'Olerwj.nd has loft the Arkansas River and retraced his course to Young's Point, where it i repwtetl that he has landed his troops, Generals Grant, Sherman, and Gorian will unite in the operations. General M'Olornand'e troops have recommenced 'work in the canal dug some months ago by the negroes under General Williams, with the intention of diverting the channel of the Mississippi from the bed of the river opposite Vieksburg.

The ft an bill framed by the Committee of Ways and Means has passed the House of Representatives.

The chief subject of discussion had been the enlistment of negro regiments, to which the Opposition are bitterly opposed. They have hitherto prevented any vote being taken on the subjeot.

In the Senate, Mr. Saniebury, of Delaware, was given into custody

or using the phrase "that imbecile Lincoln," On being arrested, by zho Sergeant-at-Arnie he drew forth & revolver uttering threats against the Chairman and Mr. Sumner. The nex day a resolution was brought forward to expel him from the Senate, but it was dropped on his apologising for his misconduct.

 Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, has obtained permission from

the President to raise companies of persons of African descent, 11 organised into a separate corps," for garrison and other duty

'within the State.

The Administration is engaged in preparing to bring before the Supreme Court of the United States the important question of the

Cwar of the President in times of robaUi to sea ad the writ of beas corpus. The Admini tration is Od'.Ltw=uX to settle this question at once, as there are many cases now pending in several State Courts, end additional ones are springing up almost doily. The latest is the arrest of Mr. Boieau, editor and proprietor of the Philadelphia Evening Jow,uel on the charge of a treasonable article on Jefferson Davis' Message. His case is warmly espoused by the Democratic party in the State Legislature, and by the grand jury of the county of Philadelphia.

ociscocanijqwooys.

The emancipation cause progresses in Missouri. Both Houses of the State Legislature have passed the resolution caking Congress to aPproPriate 26,000,000 dols, for emancipation.

rho l'.eptibliean eendidatefor Spcaksrhasbeen elected by a majority of two in the New York Assembly.

General M'Olellan has been enthusiastically received by the people of Boston and many of the smaller towns in Massachusetts. Strong demonstrations in his favour have taken place in Congress. Some members in the course of the debate having urged his recall to the hoed of the army, the suggestions were met with loud cheering in the galleries.

Gold continues to riai in value. It has now reached 60 per cent premium. In San l?rsncisoe the legal-tender notes were worth only dO cents in elocie,

Mr. Lincoln has replied to the addrass adopted at "the meet

leg of the working men" held at the Free Trade Ball, Manchester, at the close

of last yter. Thin Prenilent ,iei,lorno the etifierltign to which the cotton lamina

line given rise, hut rejoices at the failure of the efforts of "disloyal American eltlzei,s" to Induce tile operatives on this cub of this Atlantic to frtvour the attempt to rotoblisho ii (I overiunent restlig" cxel.eslvely so the haste of human slavery." lie reginil,, titi " ,leclelve utterancte" of thin gathering presided over by Mr. Abel II ri'ivoail '' is an Instance of onhihimo Ubristlim heroIsm, which lies not been ,ou'i,cioe,l in any age or in any cenetey,'' and he trieste that the ei'ethnrets ,'aptoseetl In the sih'lreee will In e,,etiincd by the English notion. lie f,irtier '' lulls Cliii Interchange iii sentiment so all ongllry Chit, oshintes'er else way happen, the jouso and Iriomilship which now exi'it between the two irniloits will be, so It shell be cay fours to make thorn, hserpobiiiil.''
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA,

GENERAL LEE, Oun Artist in the Confederate camp, near Fredericksburg, has forworded to us a Portrait of General Lee, Commander of the Confederate army in Northern Virginia, which is hare reproduced. The Richmond correspondent of- the Min. writeg as follows respecting him:

"General Lee is, I believe, between fifty and sixty years of age, but

you as the incarnation of health and endurance as he rears his erect soldierllke form from his seat by the fireside to greet courteously the stranger. His manner is calm

and stately, his presence impres-sive and imposing; his dark brown

eyes are remarkably -direct and honest as they meet you fully and firmly inspiring great confidence. The ebape and type of the head a little resemble (flaribaldi'e, end the features are those of a much handsomer man. On the rare occasions when he smiles, and on the still rarer occasions when he laughs heartily, disclosing a fins unbroken row of white firm-set teeth, the confidence and eympithy which he inspires are irresistible. A. child thrown among a knot of strangers would be inevitably drawn to General Lee fret in the company, and would run to claim his protection. His voice is fine and deep but slightly monotonous m its tons. Altogether, the most winning attribute of the General is his unaffected childlike gsielesenese. It is very rare that a man of hjs age, conversant with important events, and thrown to the surface of mighty convulsions, retains the impress of a simple ingenuous nature to so eminent a degree. It is impossible to converse with him for 'ten minutes without perceiving how deeply he has meditated upon all the possible eventualities of the campaign in Virginia, and how sound and wallconsidered are the positions which he advances. It is obvious , that the meet entire and trusting coeddeuce is placed in General Lee by his subordinate officers, whose respect end affection he seems thoroughly to have won."

 GENERAL "STONTIWALL" JACKSON.

Although aPorirait of General "Stonewall" Jsoksouhes appeersd in

this Journal, we offer no excuse for presenting another of the redoubtable hero from a ekotch recently taken by our Special Artist in the Confederate camp, Northern Virginia, whore General Jackson teat present located. Appended are a few partiosslors concerning bun from the authority which we have just quoted:

"At a distance of seven miles from General Lee's head-quarters,

near the littl evillage of Bunk: rbill, were the head-quarters of Genorsl

onewall' Jackson. I had hcen taughtto expect a morome, reserved,

M11ant reception; I found the most genial, courteous, and forthcom

ing of companions. A bright piercing blue eye, a slightly aquiline

noes, a thin, toll sinewy frame 'made all are"

of pinwire,'a great

disregard of dress and appoerance-these are the ohoraoterietias of

General Jackson's exterior. There is also about bin every direct

end honest look. The diosppohitsog circumstance is that his voice,

is weak and -i-pressive. P.

sionatoly attached to the Valley of Virginia, which has for so long bean the principal scene of his achievements, idolised by the inhabitants of Winchester and of the valley, General Jackson has acquired such a fame in that entire neighbourhood that it is sad to think what would happen if the one life round which such prestige slings should yield to a stray bullet or to the chance of disease. Sinewy and wiry as the General seems, it is impossible not to fancy that he is wearing himself terribly by his restless, sleepless aitioity, by his midnight marches, read by the asceticism of his life. The respect and consciousness of 'his presence, and what nut preoencs mean; exhibited by his staff

=d me very strongly, anA

,to exceed the respect ex

hibited towards General Los.

- . . So there are many con±licting reports about the origin of its name of 'Stonewall,' it may hs interesting to repeat the tans ,jtrounssienoeo under which it was given. In the first battle of sIsnsseas, an July 21, 1861, elensi-al Bee, of South Carolina ,,himself subsequently killed in the same action), observing his isoen flinching and wavering, called out to them to stand firm, exclaiming, 'Look at Jackson's men; they stand like a stone welt' In his official report of the battle, General Beauregard employed the same expression in connection with General Jackson's command, and the name has clung to General Jackson ever since."

Thomas Jefferson Jackson was born in Virginia about the year
- There to nothing important cram the army of the Potomac.

In a slight affair near the Black water, Virginia, the 107th Pennsylvania Regiment, composed of draughted non, refused to fight and lay down upon the ground during the entire engagement, saying, "'You can draught us; but you cannot make us fight."

General Poster's expedition from Beanfort had been seen off CapsFear, on route for Port Royal. -

¥ Onthe list nit. two Confederate iron-clad gun-boots, accompanied by three steamers, went out from Charleston at one o'clock in the morning and attacked the blockading squadron. The engagement commenced at four o'clock. The Confederate gun-beats sank the Federal gunboat Mereedita, carrying eleven guns and another Federal gun -Root whose name is unknown. They disabled the Federal steamer Quaker City, but she escaped with the lose of one, wheel. The attaokinu party set four Federal vessels on fire. The blockading fleet eonaistsa of thirteen vessels, with two first-aloes frigates. The Confederate gun-boats returned in Charleston, where they wore received with enthusiasm, Commander Ingraham elliolally reported that the blockading fleet had gone out of sight. General Beauregard them issued a proclamation renting the discomfiture end dispersion of the hostile fleet, end formally declaring that the blockade of Charleston by the United States was raised on end after the Ilet of January. The General placed steamers at the disposal of the foreign Consuls to see for themselves that no blockade existed. The British Consul went on beard the eteamerPstrel, five miles beyond the usual anchorage of the bleekadere, but could see nothing of them with glazes.

 Notwithstanding this, dour vessels ef the Federal fleet reappeared late on the evening of the 31st, end on Feb. 1 twenty bloollading' vessels were off Charleston bar.

The Confederate Secretary of Slate has notified to the British and. French Consuls the raising of the Charleston blockade.

The Southern journals announce that the Federal gun-beat P. Smith, carrying eleven guns end 130 men, surrendered unconditionallyin the Confederates at Stone River, The Federal Navy Department had received a despatch announcing that her capture ensued upon hoc' running ashaee.

The "Rrltiah steamer Princess Royal was captured by a fleet of Union gun-beats while attempting to run the bloelcade into Charleston with avaluabieesrgofremliahfax. She had onboard einhundredbarrsle of powder, two Armstrong guns, a large lot of machinery, sheet iron,. steen-batteries, hardware, boots, coffee, tin, and ether valuables. A porty of Rnglish workmen skilled in the manufacture of projectiles were also captured in the Princess Royal.

There are rontmdoatery reports of the result of the expedition up

the Ogeehee River, in Georgia. Southern reports state that the iron

clad Meutauk was badly injured in her turret by the guns of FortMIA and compelled to haul off. The Federal- Navy Department stoles that the l\tentaosk remained fear hours under fire witheat reoriving any injury. -.

General Ban's expedition had left New Orleans. Its supposed

destination is Part Hudson,

General Magruder officially announces on the 4th inst. that Galveston was open to ti-ado; but Federal Commodore Roil has issued a counter proclamation declaring Galveston, Sabine Pass, and the whole of the Texas coast blockaded, and warning vessels from trading under penalty of capture.

 The bombardment of Galveston by the Fedorela had commenced,. but the result is net yet known.

General Grant had arrived at Viekeburg. The works on the canal

were progressing. The Cesifoderatss have planted a battery nom-mending the lower end of the canal.

Colonel Stewart, chief of the cavalry on General M'Clernand's staff

at Virluburg, whilst out on a reconnaissance with two hundred men, was shot and deserted by them. Colonel Stewart had upon his parson a memorandum-book containing foil estimates of the number and calibre of the forces and guns of Generals Shaman and M'Cleenend, end mach useful information, including projects respecting canals, upon which work has been commenced. This beck fell into the hands. of the enemy.

The Cecfedarates have attacked Pert Denneleon and captured a battery, afterwards regained by the Federals, who repulsed the Confederates with heavy lose.

From the Cumberland River Tennessee, further atrocities eonmined on unarmed negro end mulatto men are reported, The coloured cabin-boys and cooks captured on beard some Federal steamers taken at Karpeth Shoals, in the Cumberland River, were taken to an open field and shot in cold bleed. Two others got down by the rudder of the steamer and held on with only their heads above water. They were discovered by the Confederates end several soldiers were ordered into a skiff, who rowed close up to them end blew out their brains. The life of a chambermaid was saved with difilealty by the clerk of the steamer claiming her as his slave when he was removing into. Kentucky,

The surviving officers end crew of the Federal steamer Hatlerec,, sunk oil Galveston, had been landed by the Alabama at Fort Royal, Jamaica. It appears, however, that the Hatteras sank so quickly that forty-three of her craw were drowned before they could be removed,

 rico recereenonsuin evsrno.

The report of the Ccssfoderate Secretary of the Tc'eaenry has been published. The receipts for the year 1801 were 417,Slo,73'l dole., end the expenditure 410,071,736 dole., leaving a balance of ever 40,100,011 dole. The Manses for the War Department were 140,010,110 dole., end for the Navy 20,000 '000 dole,

The Governor of North Carolina is acting upon these principles of State rights on which the Confederate Government is founded. He insisted on the recall of a number of the State troops from Richmond to pretest the State. This demand has induced President Davis to have an interview with the refractory Governor, in order to persuade him to bring his policy into harmony with that of the Riohenend Government.

The military commanders of Georgia, and the Governors of North Carolina and Alabama, have issued appeals to the people net to flinch from their duty to the South in her hour of paul, and cautioning them that attempts to evade the conscription will be punished wean rigour.

roorrecenoe.

After sir days of factious opposition-called in American Parlia-mentary terminology "filibustering"-a vets was permitted to be taken on the bill for arming the negroes. It passed the House df Representatives bye, vote of SI to ft. The numbers to be armed are left to the President's discretion. No slaves of loyal owners are to be thus employed. No recruiting-offices are to be opened in Delaware, Maryland, Western Virginia, Kentucky, Missouri, or Tennessee, without the permission of the Governors of those States. These rations, clothing, send eqtc.ipmonte are to be the same as for ether soldiers; but privates are not to receive more than ten dollars per month; that iv, half the pay of the whites.

In the Senate the rose lntienc denouncing French intervention on Mexico were laid on the table by a vets of 34 against 0.

The Secretary of the Treasury has informed the Senate that a reduction of the duty ripen paper would increase the Government revenue.

In the Hones of Representatives the Bankrupt Dill has been laid open the table by a veto of fO to 03, and the motion to reconsider it was also voted to be tabled by the same majority. The United Stales have no bankruptcy arts,

anernr.tArenous.

Mr. Ccmoror, of Pennsylvania, late Secretary of War in Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet, and now holding the appointment of United Statsa Minister at the Russian Court, is charged by a Democratic member of the PennsylvanianLegislatare with offering him a bribe of 2-5,00ldols. to vote for Cameron as United States' senator instead of Mr.
Buck

alew, the nominee of the Democratic party. The charge, to which ao denial has been made, creates great excitement throughout the country, and is used as the means of discrediting the Federal Administration.

The Republican candidate, ex-Governor Morgan, has been elected United States' senator from Now York.

The editor of the Philadelphia Journal has been released, after making an humble apology to the Federal Government, and giving a province of amendment for the future.

Mr. Stafford, the inventor of a shell named after himself, has succeeded in driving one of his projectiles entirely through the iron plating end halfway through the weed of a target representing a complete section of the British frigate Warrior. It exploded in the target, shattering it eeriouely, Afterwards a solid shot was driven entirely through the target, penetrating the earth beyond five or six feet; end all this was accomplished with a smaller charge of powder then is need with any but a Dabigren nut.

Napoleon's letter to General Forey, announcing the policy of France to be oppceed to the future annexation of Mexico to the United States,

I has

has elicited angry articles from the New York press.

The New York Legislature and Chamber of Commerce have pawed resolutions in favour of the emancipation policy and pledging their support to the Administration.
GENERAL J. P1. B, STOART.

Tcrx accompanying Portrait of the dashing cavalry officer', General Stuart-the Mui'at of the Confederates; their Prince Bupert, with more than that Prime's sexes -cannot fool to be of interest to our readers. It is from a Sketch by our Special Artist in the Confederate camp, Northern Virginia, to which General Stuart as attached. Appended are come remarks respecting the General by the Richmond correspondent of the Times:-" While in the Shenandoah Valley the achievements of General Jackson have aroused towards him a generous fooling of gratitude for danger averted and prosperity preserved

it is doubtful whether east of the Blue Ridge the twenty-nine years of General Stuart, added to that indefatigable energy which beaches him, after he has ridden fifty miles during the dat, to regard it as his highest happiness to ride a aozen more miles at night 'to trend but one measure' in a Virginian country-house, do not incline the scale, especially if the balance be adjusted by fair hands, in favour of the younger General. There have been many EngiISh officers, particularly in the East Indian service, whose endurance in the saddle j

been regarded as unequalled; but I doubt whether

any Englishman ever exhibited such superiority to

bodily fatigue as is almost nightly evinced by the gay cavalier who knows every hospitable roof within a dozen miles of his head-quarters (and what roof is not hospitable ?), and, accompanied by his banjoplayer, visits them ly turns night after night, returning usually to his hacd-erned rest long after, the midnight hour has flown. With the earliest dawn of morning the first voice calling gaily for breakfast is that of the midnight merrymaker, who vises the picture of health, gcodhuniour, and strength. It maybe noticod en passant that to the circumstance that he has never touched tobacco in any form, or any wine 0± other liquors General Stuart attrib,jfies much of his health and vigour Certainly so jovial a company as is assembled at General Stuart's headquarters it has never been my fortune to see pa.. lelledin either the Federal or the Confederate oainpe."

 In the Times of Tuesday appeared a letter from its special correspondent at the head-quarters of General Stuart, near h'cedsrickeburg, Virginia, dated dan. 1, containing an account of another of Stuart's raids dfwhiohsomepartiocilarehadpre'a'joualyronchedue

"The returcithis evening of General Stuart and his

staff has shed a glow of cheerfulness throughout the

camp, and has afforded much merriment by reason of the incidents which accompanied this expedition, and of which every one is talking, It appears that General Stuart started upon Christmas Eve with a considerable force of cavalry an the direction of Dunifries, distant about thirty miles from thsee head-quarters. Thence he proceeded towards 0oco

Creek, where, as well as at Dumfries, he had Žuirualohes with the enemy, during which he took about 200 prisoners, and inflicted some loss upon them, himself sustaining the loss of only one man, Captain Bullock (a very gallant officer), who, it is feared, was mortally wounded, Miss, crossing Ooooqusn Creek, General Stuart struck the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and at Burke's stationi

a room where the tale n,orator was ,.C ,.,,..1_

burst Into thi  ------------------,

and commanded him, upon pain of instant death if he iniainterpreted, to read off the messages which the click of the instrument pronounced to be at that moment passing along the wares, In this manner General Stuart learnt the movements which General Rsinteelmnn and other Federal Generals were ooncerting with a view to intercept his retreat. and altered his course 5055 to baffle their preparations. The luckless telegraph operator and his follow-prisoners--all of them dismounted cavalry soldiers--won started off on foot to walk forty-five miles to Ocilpepper station, in order that they might learn by practical experience what a. long and weary travel was requisite to carry thorn to that Richmond which they have been solong jzireaching. The submarine telegraph clock found at Barks's station is now a valuable acquisition at General Stuart's head-quarters, and will probably be the guide by which many a future receiile'e and tattoo will be sounded. After baying ,3=

We station General Stuart proceeded towards Alexandria, within eight miles f which town he turned towards the north-west, and retained hither by a circuit which brought him through Warreiatonwhich town was occupied by a large body of Yankee cavalry a few hours after General Stuart had passed through it-and Clulpepper, thus concluding an expedition less important, but not less successful, than its predecessors.

'5
WIDOR, .SATU.11D47, FEBRUARY 21, 1863.

Dronarras was held to have played the part of a wise and honest citizen when, the city being in a state of general excitement, he rolled his tub about in a vehement manner, and, being questioned as to his object, said that it did not become a man to be quiet when every one else was in agitation. But his conduct would have been less philosophical had the cynic performed his acrobatic feat simply because there was a great ,disturbance in some city a hundred miles off. And heroin is

placed at the bead of the federal provinces of America, the sudden and foolish intervention is an act of presumption which deserves severer language. The Crown, the Legislature, and all the classes whence springs what is really public opinion, have solemnly and repeatedly declared that we will not interfere. Arid until the North was reduced to a conviction that it must shortly give in, and that peace must be signed, there was no attempt to violate the agreement which we had all made. Now, while the respectable pert of the Americans themselves are busily devising schemes for ending the war without loss of honour, great crowds of Englishmen are brought together and are asked to join in a great shout to Mr. Lincoln to go on with the slaughter. It is, therefore, to be desired that dispassionate journals should assure both Europe and America that such manifestations, however loud may be the talk and however dense may he the gathering, have no real significance. The educated classes and the mass of the people are alike opposed to such impertinence. The nothingness of the leaden of the new agitation is, of course, notorious to English readers; but we may, with advantage, assure other persons that there is no one who takes the lead in these scenes who has the slightest claim to any other distinction.

 At the same time it is right to add that, though foolish persons have permitted themselves to be excited into a rather remarkable display of folly, and are rolling their tubs when there is not the least occasion for such gymnastics, there is a certain extenuation of their conduct to be found in the fact that others have gone much too far in defence of the South. There have been promulgated a great many doctrines on the side of the Confederates which by no means express the sentiments of this country. We never for a single moment tolerate slavery as an institution to be preserved. We go no further than to accept it as a fact to be dealt with wisely and humanely. It was accepted as such a fact by our own Legislature when it was resolved to terminate the system, and when the present Earl of Derby had allotted to him the noble task which he discharged so well. We wish to see slavery extinct in American as in English territory; but we have never been so cruelly unjust to our American brethren as to insist that they should run where we only walked. We took time-many years-to arrange our plans; we spread emancipation over a long period of apprenticeship, and we provided large funds for compensating those whom we had permitted to believe themselves in possession of "property." Nor bave we ever ventured to cell upon the South to go faster. We have indeed recognised the peculiar reasons why the action of the South in this matter must be slower than our own. This, however, is as far as we have gone in our toleration of slavery, and those who would go further, and contend for it as an institution to be conserved instead of an affliction to be endured, do not speak the sentiments of Englishmen. Mr. Teuuysou has told us eloquently of "the falsehood of extremes;" and one extreme begets another. The wise man is not irritated into exaggerations on one side because an opponent exaggerates on the other; but the judicial faculty is not a common one, and certainly it would not be a point of wisdom to expect the exercise of such a faculty from those who bawl and groan in Exeter Hall, which, as Lord Macmalay said, bath brayed. Still, we desire to note that there has been some provocation for the outcry, and it will be well that such provocation should cease. The South will, probably, ere long be a nation, and will exchange diplomatic communications with the Foreign Office. There is every reason why such intercourse should not be impeded by foolish declarations on one side or the other at home. We shall meet the South on facts, not on opinions. Brazil is a slave State, but (except when Earl Russell loses his head) we communicate amicably with Brazil, and yet we are so far from recognising the desirability of her domestic institution that we sink her slavers whenever we cannot seize them. The Southern Confederacy must prepare herself for similar treatment. On the other hand, we shall congratulate the North on not being a slave State; and, possibly, we shall suggest to her to give a lively colour to her professions by treating "niggers" a little hotter than she seems at all inclined to do at present.

We have deemed it right to say this because the ILLUSTRATED Losnoce Nssws makes its way into every part of the civilised world, and is read where the ordinary journal of a foreign nation is neither seen nor cared for. We desire
the difference between the, Greek sage and certain English sages who are jest now rolling their fobs furiously because the United States are in permrbation. There is no necessity for such a demonstration, and consequently it becomes ludicrous instead of imposing, or even respectable.

Were there any question at issue upon which the opinion of England was asked, there would be a reason for the meetings and orations which a numerous but not an influential class is now assembling and emitting. But what call is there upon England to interfere in the American quarrel? Has it not been the great praise of the Government that it expressed the views of the respectable and thinking portion of the population

by declaring at the outset, and by reiterating the declaration, I even from the Throne itself, that we had nothing to do with the struggle? Why, at the eleventh hour, and when there is every chance of the Americans adjusting the matter in their own way, by bringing a disastrous war to an end and allowingthe South to go freearethousands of Englishmen to be suddenly calledtogether to lend what moral aid they can to one side by declaring that they hate slavery? Do we not all hate slavery? Has not the nation made the greatest sacrifices in proof of that hatred, that in 1863 we should require Exeter Hall certificates to our character? [f these meetings and. spoutings are simply intended to place the English nation right in the eyes o

the world upon the subject of slavery they are needless and impertinent but if, as would seem to be the ease, they are designed to bolster up the unlucky ex-attorney who has been placed at the head of the federal provinces of America, the sudden and foolish intervention is au act of presumption which deserves severer language. The Crown, the Legislature, and all the classes whence springs what is really public opinion, have solemnly and repeatedly declared that we will not interfere.

- And until the North was reduced to a conviction that it must shortly give in, and that peace must be signed, there was no attempt to violate the agreement which we had all made. Now, while the respectable part of the Americans themselves are busily devising schemes for ending the war without loss of honour, great crowds of Englishmen are brought together and are asked to join in a great shout to Mr. Lincoln to go on with the slaughter. it is, therefore, to be desired that dispassionate journals should assure both Europe and America that such manifestations, however loud may be the talk and however dense may he the gathering, have no real significance. The educated classes and the mass of the people are alike opposed to such impertinence. The nothingness of the leaders of the

1. new agitation is. of course, notorious to English readers; but we may, with advantage, assure other persons that there is no one who takes the lead in these scenes who has the slightest claim to any other distinction.

that a dispassionate tatemont of the real feeling of the people f England should go forth to those who may look for such a statement in vain in the columns of pasty strife. In brief, the

sac is this. England hates slavery as strongly as ever; but he loves fair play, and is not such a Pha±isee as to pretend to more virtue than she has shown, or to demand that a slave itate should move faster than she herself moved.
The steam-'hip Gibraltar, better known as the Sumter, has

again elected the vigilance of the Federal officers. Some time ago, it i understeed, the bunter Was mid to on English dim, and was rcehrieteaed the Gibraltar; bet, ettovithetnadlog thin, she has doe some months pant been etriolly blockaded at "the Beech by a Northern ember, whose commander is alleged Ce have dedared that it was, his intention to arise her it possible, no mailer what change of ro-ermehip might have token place. By a clever ruse however, the Gibraltar got safely away n short time ago, and is new lying quietly moored in the Mersey.

T W._ 11 ._ tL., ,_  _T .lI _ I.
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Manos at Southampton we have New York papers to the 14th inst.

Win NEWS

From the army of the Potomac we hear that General Eurnoido is to detach an army of 35,000 men and proceed to Suffolk by way of Fortress Monroe.

General Footer's expedition was disembarking at Helena bland, off the coast of South Carolina.

Rumours are rife of disputes between Gunwale Foetor and Hunter the General in command of the deportment, General Foster had returned to Washington far further instructions.

The official reports of the Confederate commanders, Ingraham and Tanker, make no mention of the raising of the blockade.

The British Consul at Charleston, Mr. Dunce, left that city for Havousnslo on board her Majesty's ship Cadmue,

General Hunter had informed the Confederate authorities of Georgia that be should bold oil prisoners in close confinement and answerable with their lives far the safety of the Federal officers espturod by the Confederates until President Davis's retaliation proclasnation wee withdrawn.

The Federal ram Queen of the West ran the gauntlet of the Con

federate batteries on the Mississippi. She met and sank three steamers with provisions far the garrison at Vieksburg, and took 40 prisonrrs.

Ohs Fedea'ele have out the levees on the eastern side of the

Mississippi, twelve miles above Helena, at Yuroo Paso, and at two

other places. Their object is to lay the surrounding region under water, so as to show their gunboats to got to the roar of Yiokebserg.

An Illinois regiment, attached to General Grant's army, hail boon

by the oaueu 'mace coo mccc aIlsama ci 'a, e'mooocae ean0050ec; ama 'a it bad say mob thought, it wooed hays still oboodani reason to know that peace, peorosod at the coot of iliasolotloec, wooed be immediately, esnioeesnlly, and e050euelstly rojeoted by the American people, ct is a great sniatabe that Socapean seates,neuse.aoee if they suppose clots psopls are damnealtoed. Whseevcr, in case of an maurreetien, the l'mpls of Franca, or Great Beltats, or 0,eltsrcland, or of the lfstlserlasde, cre,ild do to save their nateonel mlseeeee, no matter bow the strife might be mgardrd by or affect foreign sauces, just so much, cud certainly no ieee, the people of the United Staten wile do, if coroaaey, to save far the common benefit the s'eglms which 13 bocoded by the l'oeOlle and Atlantic waste, and by the assume at the Gulfs of 05. Lawrence and hicaico, tegother with the free and mcamen navigation of the atlo Grande, Mlooaoori, Mkassoe, Miosissippi, Ohio, St. Lawrence, Oisedsess. Delaware, Potomac, and other national highways by which this Ian 1, which to them teat mm a land of Inheritance and a land of promise, to opened and Watered,

 A despatch of IL Momior, the French Minister at Washington, in

which be informed M. Tiecuvenel that his visit to Richmond was fully acquiesced in, and even encouraged, by Mr. Seward, having been. published in the French hero raceroc, the United States' Senate passed a resolution requea the President to inform them as to what had

pd between M. n$

ease Vroier and Mr. Seward. This resolution isa

drawn forth a categorical reply from Mr. ftw¡xd, which denies that he at oil encouraged M. Mercier to visit Richmond.

The Senate had adopted resolutions asking the President for any information of which he may be inyonsessiun relative to the employment of regress by the French in Mexico. The Senate has also passed the bill for compensating Missouri for her sieves in the event of her emancipating them, and a bill taxing the bank circulation 1 per ocmt for two years and 2 per cent thereafter.

A deputation of the leading pjsblunhers end journalists was at

Wnebiugten, endeavouring to proctin n total repeal of the duties on.

paper, which now amounts to dS per cent on the value, which, during

the present high rote of exchange on Europe, is a prohibitory tax. -

A bill to enlarge the Illinois and New Yeak canals has been defeated c the Mouse of Representatives.  -

austlBLhslegous,

The movements in indirect opposition to the war continue. The BlindsLegoalatare, by a vote of 62 against 25, hov&paseed peace and conference resolutions. The Republican Gavernor.ef Pennsylvania has sent a message to the State Legislature condsonping arbitrary arrests. Mr. Herace Gre eley, the editor of the Now Ybc'k Te'sbcceee,

 an ccnanctpateoniat journal, declares in favour bf enferteining pro-posals ferpceeeif,' at the end of another three mcnthe,e ",rpbelliom"

remains in fish vigour.  -

The Illinois Legislature, exasperated by the dofesat otthd (lanai

Enlargement Bill in Congress, have resolved to direct the, ctuverisisr toappoint commicoleners to the Canadian Parliament to pn;cert measures far the improvement of the means of transportation lb the Atlantic, by way of the St. Lawrence route,

General Frosnont has applied to be eenleloyad upon sscti-s'e.eqyvjsse.

Nicholas tacgwortb, the celebrated Ohio ccancsf.anturer of native

wines-particularly Catawba-died at Cincinnati on the 9th inst., 111

the eighty-first year of his age.

NewsYork hoe bcon much exalted by the marriage, 'at a -fashionable,

church in Broadway, of "Doneral Tom Thumb," twenty-five yeats of

ego, II m. high, end weighing 20 lb., to Lavinia Women, a native of

me, twenty-mae years of age and 12 in, high. The brideman was a still mare dominative specimen of humanity, 20 in. high

weighing 26th., end nicknamed "Commodore bfutt." The tridomcoisi wosasister of the bride, wcsglnng only 191b. onelmeasuring 26tn.

though aged cialoen years. The httle couple are about to make the " grand tour" through Europe.

Mr. Webb, the Mat New Yo rk shipbuilder, has published a letter in which he denies having continued the construction of the ship Goncrat Admiral for the Russian Government during the pendency of the Russian War. Ho adverts in the fact that this vessel was net. launched until 1058.

rAnoyonlu,t.

So dear are eottan goods in California at the present time that

merchants have begun to import -bides of Chinese ma nufaetnrs. A. ship load arrcvod at Sen Francisco' from Shanghai, bringing 700 balsa of drslla and oloeetings.

A Democrat has been elected to the United Slates' Senate from this Slate after many days spent in fruitless tsllctings.

The iiiiiilieiinry banquet in commemoration of the bh'tlidoty

of Orarce ivcabls,gloss nec celebrated oil r.roeday evening, at St. Jamaqe lieu.

Cesseeolvaedudoergh woo in the chair. His Excellency the American Minister, the Hon. C. F. Mom,, in responding to aloe tomb of "The tlnim,," said time the South hail entered upon a career, whether for glory or for shame posterity 'raced ieieeo,lnr. But, whatever their objects might be, they could not eloise Orocre Woeblcglco in support of their principles. A strong antIslavery sprroh was mode Iry Juige Whiter, at Georgia. Among use idnglieh grants 010cr the sssembero for Srlghtao, Fosfesme Ideorman, aod other,. 'l'he banquet waeg,errd Iy the presesce niche tables of a roasideroblo ucsalccr of belles.
placed smdor arrest for refusing to Fight under the emannipattea preelsonatlen.

wAsnnrG'rOor.

Mr. Seward has replied to M. Drooyn do Lhuye' note suggesting

a conference between the Federals and Confederates. The reply Ia firm and coeremptery in declining the proposal. Its spirit may be gathered fern the following paragraph:

On the other hand no I have already intimated, thin Government has not

the leant thought of relinquishing the beset which bas boon confided to it by the nation solder the most solemn of all political sanctions; and If it had any each thought, it would have still abundant reason to know tiasth pence, proposed at the met of ihleaoltttlott, would be immediately, tonivreeally, and indignantly rejected lay the American people. It is a greet mistake that European statesmen make if they suppose this poepto are democaUsed. Whatever, in moe of an lentorrrftleso, the people of France, or Greet. Britalu, or Seritserleed, or of the ltsihorlaude, would do be save their national ualeioarn, no matter how bbs strife might be meerdod by or effort foreign untlees, Joel so snuck, ned certainly no less, the people oIt he Untied States seth do, if necessary to save for the common benefit thu regbsss which to bounded by too Pacific and Atlaetir musts, and by clan ohe eru pf the Gaits oC St. Laurone. end blexim, together with the free and minatese navigation of the Rio (hattie, ltloeoeai, Arkansan Itleelseippi, Ohio, at. Lawrence, Hside-11. Delaworo, Pelomne, and oiher mtieeol highways by whieh this Ian], an to them in at.. a land of Inheritance and a 1.1. of promteo, is opened and watered
petal, in consequence of twenty thousand itessian troops in blank uniferina euddenly mahing their appearance outside the wails!

Osenstoohow has played nearly the same part in Polish history that the Tooitoa has played in the history of Russia. The Bnseiane are now to the Poles mush whet the Tartars were to the Russians from the thirteenth to the fifteenth century; end it was in the Troitso

Monastery that too most important of the many unavailing battles of the Russians against the Porters was planned, as it was at Caauatoohow that the Cloofodoratee who maintained a contest agartet the Russians from 1786 to 1772', finally established their haˆstquarters. Again the Poles were to the Ruasinns, at the beginning of the seventeenth century, mush what the Swedes were to the Poles

towards the and; and in the Troitca Monaatary the liussians resisted, a Polish aiago with success as the Poise resisted a Swedish siege with snooasa in tho Convent of —asnotoohow.Fmai1y, Coonatoohow and the Troitsa are both considered sure of miraculous protection when they era unjustly attaoksd-.we say unjustly, because the attack now expected will be from the Poles, to whom the oonyont naturally belongs, The
Russians have now held the place some weeks; but it was to Ozenatoahow that the insurgent leader Lazgiewicz, was said a few days ago to be direotfng his brace, anti it was to (lzenstoohow that the Russian troops were to be conducted by the Prussian escort lnttosted with the disgraceful duty of loading the executioners to their victims; for the roles in nuns were only looked upon in that

light when the convention between Russia and Prussia was fird entered into.

Czenstoehow occupies a commanding position, and bas very natural, as well as supernatural, advantages for standing a siege. But the Virgin of Ozesistochow, who bears on her right cheek the marks of two sword-wounds receivedfrom the cedes (-which, it is reported, the

most cunning Painters and restorers are unable to educe) cannot assist the enemies of her country. he ought, on the oontraxy, to send them forth to their destruction, However that may be, persons of all religions must admit that this time it is the besiegers alone who have any right to expect either Divine protection or human sympathy.
