identical-the capture of the Southern capital; and the issue of each campaign, up to the last accounts, almost identical also. There has been a continuous series of assaults by the Federals on the Confederates, more or less in force, which have been, as a rule,. repulsed, with a :loss to the. assailants of bccatombs of men, and with serious inroads on the ,comparatively small numerical strength of the defenders; end each army has occupied nearly its original position, although, in the earlier periods of the present operations under Grant he did manage to fight his way onwards for a distance which cost him a thousand men a mile, Now, although the general description of the condition of the opposing forces may not appear to differ very palpably from that which was given weeks or even months ago, a careful examination of the state of affairs will show that a radical alteration has taken place in the position of the Southerners, and that they stand in an attitude of marked advantage. It is probably well known that there are at this moment three points towards which, as the scenes of operations, observation is especially directed-namely, Petersburg, Atlanta, and Martins'burg-on. the frontier of Pennsylvania. As everyone knows, the recent attempt of Grant on Petersburg, which he has chosen to consider as an outwork of Richmond which cannot be turned but must be reduced from its importance as an obstacle to a march on the capital, has signaflyf ailed; that he has been repulsed with severe loss, confessedly severe; and that it is supposed that he will have to retire and throw himself into Washington, unable to arrest the threatened advance of the Confederates. Hitherto the Federals have obtained advantages at Atlanta, and the object of the operations at that point were believed to be close upon being attained. But here, too, the Confederates have recovered themselves, and hold the Northern General in chock. From Martinsbrn'g the Confederates have started on another raid into Maryland. It is asserted that the movements at each of these places are founded on a concerted plan; that they are based on a certain combination; and that the strategy on which they were founded is now bringing 'forth its legitimate fruits. No one has ever seriously questioned the bravery or the resolution of the North; but the gigantic efforts which that party has made, the steady draught 'which has been made 'on the resources that it possesseswhich have been proved to be so vast, and which are used as if they were actually illimitable, and the obstinacy it has displayedaquality of which General Grant is now the type and the per. sonification-have in this, the fourth year of the war, left the Federals in a situation not only far from successful, but of positive disadvantage, to say no more. When the South undertook what they conceived to be the duty of defending by arms their right to secession, they were conscious of all the hardships and dangers which awaited them; they accepted all the troubles and responsibilities incident to the enterprise, and they have held their own and worked their way with a firmness and persistency nndauntedlypastlosses or future perils. TheFederals, not without reason, assumed that they must win by mere force of numbers and amplitude of resources; they took their success for granted; and in some self-complacent way or other they have declined to recognise the fact that they have not been engaged in a series of triumphal marches through the country of a flying enemy. Indeed, just now the probability of a change in the character of the war, by which the Confederates will cease to be on the defensive and become the aggressors, is nueh discussed. For our own parts, we believe that, independently of military reasons, the advance of the Confederates upon Washington will be considered as a question of policy. The raids into some of the Federal States are purely military operations, having for their objects the distraction of the enemy and the obtaining of supplies, and are, in fact, temporary in their character. But an advance by Lee in force into the territory of the North, with the ostensible purpose of a march upon the capital of that which was the

exhaustion is not that when negotiation can be carried on upon terms consistent either with mutual fairness or mutual dignity. As we have said, we think the present juncture one when the voice of reason, of humanity, and of peace might be raise efectuafly with the object of putting an end to a struggle suel as the world never yet saw, and which, whatever may be it issue, generations yet to come will have to deplore.
of a march upon the capital of that which was the Union, would be productive, as we think, of exactly opposite results to those which persons who look at the question from a Southern point of view anticipate. It would not create such a panic in the North as to bring about a popular demand for the abrupt closing of the war on any terms, but it would be much more likely to bring about a really national concentration Of the Federal strength; it would tend to change the character of the armies of the North, which would then enrol in its ranks men like those who constitute the military strength of the Southmen of the country, ready to fight for the countryinstead of the Irishmen, Germans, and negroes, who are thought good enough for food for powder in a crusade against Lee in Virginia. In short, the quarrel would have a new point of departure and would become more intensified, more real, more actually a quarrel between the populations of North and. South than now, when it is hardly more than one between a party in the North, of which Mr. Lincoln is the representative, and the people proper of the South.

The situation, we conceive, is one which, if for a moment good sense and good feeling could come into play between the contending parties, might be turned to advantage. If the Federals could be brought to admit that the Confederate position is impregnable, that all has been done which military and national honour require for victory, they might, without derogation, consent to a compromise in the interests of humanity

nnd peace. It is quite clear that if the war is to go on it cannot be conducted by the Federals on a smaller scale than hitherto; for, vast as have been the forces employed, owing to the peculiar nature of the country which has to be invaded they have never been sufficient to Curry out the only strategy which could have been succesaful. If hostilities continue, the war must resolve itself into one of extermination. ft time must come when men must be wanting to carry on so

nguisay a contest-nay, a time must come when the means

S )1)iP11fi men and matriel must fail ; and the moment of
AMERICA.

- General Grant has sustained a severe repulse at Petersburg. The Torth estimate their entire losses at nearly 6000 in killed, wounded, ad captured.

Grant had conceived the idea of undermining a fort which ousidered the key of the Confederate intrenchments. The works were egun on the 28th of June, under the direction of Colonel Pleasants, a 'enasyivanian engineer of repute; and on the 28th of July all was eady. A tunnel 500 ft. in length, 5 ft. in height, and 4f1. in 'width t the bottom, had been bored. The mine under the fort Was charged 'ith six tons xf gunpowder. When the work was finished, Grant, in rder to distract the attention of the enemy, transferred a portion of is army (as stated in our last Number) to the north side of the James iver; but on the 25th of July they returned. Early in the morn. ng of Saturday, the 30th, the urine was exploded, and the fort, battered into fragments, rose high into the air and came down n a shower of ruins, destroying the whole garrison, consisting f a body of South Carolina troops, in - the wreck. Hereupon strong body of Federal troops advanced, under cover of a .remendous fire from their own artillery, and captured the mined arthwotk and part of the first line of the intrenchunents. To sup. )Ort this force and to seize the inner lines, two columns of negro roope, under General Burnaide, were pushed on. But the attempt yes vain. The inner line of works commanded the outer, and the saailants were crushed with a storm of shot and shell. Presently he Confederates, leaving the shelter of, their intrenchments, charged own upon the enemy, and, the negro troops broke and fled, a esnorabsed mob, to the rear; their officers, who strove in vain to ally them, being nearly all cut off. The Confederates swept on with rresistible fury and charged the white troops as successfully as they ad charged the black. The loss inflicted was terrible. General

 artlett, 'with his whole Staff, and about 1500 Federal soldiers, were iade prisoners. At last the Federals found shelter within their wa defences, It is stated that the Federals, in their first rush, after he explosion of the mine, took four hundred prisoners. Excepting his and the men killed in the fort, the South does not seem to have uffered any serious loss. On the Blat nit. President Lincoln went to 'ott Monroe, and had an interview with Grant. On the 2nd lust; he Federal dead were buried, a short trace having been made for hat purpose. Rumours are rile that Grant is about to be transferred o Washington :but there is no sort of evidence that he has any intenion of abandoning his position on the south side of the James River.

The Confederates have recrossed into Maryland in force and.

ccupied Ragerstown. There is no definite information, however, as o their movements. A small body of their cavalry has burned the

:eater portion of Chambersbnrg, in Pennsylvania, because a required ontribution was not paid. The Governor of Pennsylvania has called or 80,000 militia for immediate service. Great alarm exists amonghe population in the Cumberland Valley. The Pennsylvanian armers are driving off their stock.

It has been non-officially reported from Washington that, on the 7th nit., General Hood made another attack upon Sherman's utrenched position at Atlanta, but was repulsed with a loss of nearly 000 in killed, the Federal loss being a little over 600 in killed and 'ounded. Confederate accounts state that on the night of the 24th

it. General Sherman attempted to break Hood's lines, but was repulsei.t y General Cheatham after a sharp fight, lasting an hour. The Federal avairy under Stoneman are said to have cut the railroad communiation between Macon and Atlanta; but General Hoed reports that

toneman had been captured with 500 of his men. Another Pam-says that General M'Cali' division, while retreating, was outed, and a large portion of his forces captured.

It is stated, non-officially, that Admiral Farragut's fleet of irondads ad passed the forts at Mobile, and was preparing to attack the city.

Some members of the committee on the Confederate States have caned a report charging President Lincoln with usurpation of power ad seeking to secure re-election by unfair means.

Richmond papers announce the re-election of Governor Vance in lorth Carolina-Holden, the peace candidate, receiving but few votes. 'he Southern papers regard Vance's election as an endorsement by he people of North Carolina of the policy of the Richmond

overnment. Gold has gone up to 260.
THE WAIL IN 'AMERICA. THE TOWN OF PETERSBURG, VIRGINIA.

Or Illustration of the American war for this week consists of a View of the town of Petersburg, Virginia, now besieged by General 0-rant. This view is taken from the Richmond side. The railway bridge across the Appomattox is seen towards the left, and a large factory eyond. The river is navigable only below bridge, as there are ra?ids above. Ships of considerable draught can approach Walsall's Landing, about sin miles down, and smaller vessels may come quite up to the city, Petersburg is contemporary with Richmond, both cities having been laid out in 1733, and having continued to be rivals in commerce, until Richmond acquired a special importance by being made the capital of the State. The population qf Petersburg was about 12,003 iefore the war. It had six churches, several large cotton and tobacco factories; and was a place of considerable trade, exporting flour, cotton, and tobacco. As early as 1645 a fort, called Fort Henry, was erected at the falls of the Appomattox, on the point where Petersburg iow stands, for the defence of the neighbourhood against the Stottoways and other Indian tribes. Soon after this, Peter Jones, one of the first settlers of Virginia, established there a trade with the indians. The place where he fixed himself was precisely where the two principal streets now meet; and was in consequence called Peter's Point, but the name was afterwards changed to Petersburg. Two suburbs have since been incorporated with the city, one called Pocahontas and another BI andford, at which latter place are the ruins of an old church, and which, being on high ground towards the southern side of the town, must now be much exposed to the Federal fire,

Petersburg was occupied at one time by the British troops in the Revolutionary War. They approached by the same route now adopted by the Federal Generals-namely, by way of James River to City Point, where an army was landed, under General Phillips, in
AMERICA.

General Grant has returned to Petersburg, after having visited Washington and the Upper Potomac. On the 5th the Confederates charged his lines, bat were repulsed with great slaughter.

Hagerstown has been reoccupied by the Federals, and the Confederates, having withdrawn from Maryland into Virginia, have, on the authority of scouts, been attacked and defeated by Averill at Moorfield, with the loss of 600 prisoners and four guns.

General Bonier has been superseded by General Sheridan, who has been placed in command of the Middle Military Division, embracing the department of Washington, the Susquehanna, Maryland, and Western Virginia.

At last accounts the situation at Atlanta remained unchanged. General Sherman was strengthening his position, and vigorously preparing his siege operations. Hood maintained his lines, and was thought to be making every exertion to interfere with Sherman's communications. It was reported that large bodies of Georgia militia had reinforced Atlanta.

Letters from General Sherman's army state that the battle on the 28th tilt., previously mentioned, was brought on by an attempt by General Hood to outflank General Sherman while extending his tight. The contest was most severe, and for a time the result was doubtful, though ultimately the Federals repulsed their assailants.

The report of the capture by the Confederates of General Stoneinan and a portion of his command is fully confirmed.

The accounts of Admiral Farragnt's operations at Mobile were derived from despatches sent by the Confederate authorities to Richmond. From them it appears that seventeen Federal warsteamers passed Fort Morgan on the morning of the 5th, hut that the monitor Tecumseh had been sunk by the fort. The Confederate Admiral Buchanan and the iron-clad steamers Tennessee and Selma had been taken by the Federals, end the Gaines had been driven ashore. The Federal fleet had approached the city, end a body of Federal troops had been landed on Dauphin Island, in the rear of Fort Gaines.

The American correspondent of the Army and Navy thezstfc gives the following account of the seacoast defences of Mobile

the entrance to the bay is between Mobile Point and the eastern point of Denyhil, Island, the distance between them being cheat thins miles and three qoartere. The interior of the hey has water enough for ally vessel

which can cress the her, which has about 1.5 ft. open it-at low water. A shoal

opposite the month of Dog River, eleven miles south of the city of Mobile, prcvcote vessels drawing more then 8 ft. going further op the hey. A short dietencu cLove the mouth of Org River, end on the bar hearing the eiuuf' ttnine, ohetreettone have been yfeeed, and in some places ehl vrnvls have limit rink. lieching tip the elmutuel, leaving only a narrow luwago through then
so that their owx vsiel5 can pass through. Lines of intrenchinente have been.

thrown up encircling the city from near Dog River around to the Alabama

river, and no less then twelve large independent and outlying earth

works command the obstructions and the approach to the city. On

Pintos Point is a formidable earthwork, mounting nine large guns; at (lerrow's Bend is a fivegun battery, commanding the river obstructions and the main channel for a distance of three miles. The remaining earthworks in that vicinity are intended to repulse the landing of troops on the western shores, or a land attack, which could be made at, i'ortersvillc, on Mizeiesippi Sound, and thence marching up by the road t

Spring Hill. The lutrerehments are, about fifteen miles in length, and were thrown up ome time ago. A tract of marshy land has been made solid by means of spileS and earth, and on this has been erected a caiemate-battery, arrerd with ten heavy guns-viz., three 100-pouudo rifles, fear 9-inch ilthlgeens, and three long 82-pounders. Between this battery and the Alabama river, near the latter, is a redoubt whose guns can sweep the level plateau over which it keeps guard as well as commanding a portion of the bay. Passing further to the iiorth, another redoubt is met, niountthg four guns; this commands a portion of the railroad. At Three-Mile Creek, guarding the railroad, is still another and quite as formidable a work; and between the Alabama river and the Shell-road is a six-gun battery. Fort Morgan, the main protection of the city of Mobile, is located on a long, low, sandy peninsula, called Mpb'le Point, at the entrance of the bay It cost the United States in its construction nearly a Million end a half dollars, and is capable of mounting 102 gnus and of gar. riconing 700 men; bte, with the water-batteries erected near it, its present gsa-risen does not fell far short of 1000 men. Fort Gaines, or Dauphin Island, Is a smaller work, and is said to mount from fifty to sixty guns, end has a garrison of about 900 men.

 South Carolina advices to the 5th-report a heavy bombardment of Port Sumter and Charleston in Me The Federal officers placed juicier fire at Charleston, and the Confederate officers held under fire on Morris Island by General Poster in retaliation, have been exchanged. This releases on each side five generals arid forty-five field officers.

General Birney recently made a successful raid into Florida, destroying several bridges and a portion of the railroad between Fernandina and Baldwin.

Several of the New England States are vigorously recruiting, through special agents, among the blacks in General Foster's department to fill their State quotas under the recent call for troops.

A rumour prevailed at New York that a Confederate raid was to be

made from Canada into Buffalo, with the view of destroying the Erie Canal.

It is also asserted that Mr. Stanton, the Secretary for War, has icadered his resignation.

The New York police, in conjunction with the English detectives, have made every arrangement to arrest Muller on his arrival.

The Southern papers announce the appointment of the ton. George A. Trenhoim as Secretary of the Treason7, in the place of the Hon. C. G. Menirniuger, resigned. Mr. Trcnholua is a native of Charleston, about fifty-five years of age, and the senior partner of the firm of Jolit Fraser and Co., of Charleston, which, with its Liverpool branch, Fraser, Trenhoim, and Co., has been extensively engaged in blockaderunning enterprises since the beginning of the war.

It is reported that there are now at Andersonville, South Carolina, over 30,000 Federal prisoners, and that over 2000 died there during the month of June.

The steamer Georgia, under British colours, has been captured by the Federal steam-frigate Niagara off the mouth of the Tagus. It will be remembered that the Georgia, which was built in an English port, cruised for some time as a Confederate man-of-war, and was then sold at Liverpool. She was bought by Mr. Bates, a merchant of that town, and is alleged to have been chartered by him to the Portuguese Government as a packet between Lisbon and the West Coast of Africa. She sailed from Liverpool on the 8th inst. "with a very valuable cargo," said to he intended for Lisbon and the West Coast of Africa; and on the 15th she was captured near the mouth of the Tagus by the Niagara. A prize crew was put on board, and she n-as sent to New YorTe, while the Niagara steered for the British Channel and has landed her prize's men at Dover.
LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The following telegram has been received through Mr. Reuter's 01cc

AMERICA.

(Per the St. David, viii Greencastle.)

NEW YORK, Aug. 12, Evening.

Official Confederate despatches from Mobile, dated the 8th inst., tate -It is painfully humiliating to announce the shameful sueeuder of Fort Gaines by Colonel Anderson. Colonel Anderson cornaunicated with the enemy by a flag of truce without the consent of eneraiPage, who inquired, by signal, whathis purpose was, but received o answer. General Page telegraphed" hold your fort," and immediately 'isited Fort Gaines, when he found that Colonel Anderson was on )oard the Federal fleet, arranging .00 capitulation. The General left >rders for Colonel Anderson, on returning, not to surrender the fort, wd relieved him of his command. Fort Morgan signalled this mornog, but received no answer except the hoisting of the Federal flag over he ramparts of Fort Gaines. Colonel Anderson's conduct is pro. icunced inexplicable and shameful.

The Confederates evacuated and blew up Port Powell on the 7th teisnt. The whole Confederate 'fleet, except one vessel, is sunk, seached, or captured.

General Sheridan's forces are moving up the Shenandoah Valley ogainet the Confederates. General Averill's success at Moorefield, Virginia, is confirmed.

The Federal loss during Stoneman's raid is reported to be 1000 meal.

Mr. Stanton has not resigned, as was stated by the l'Tew York

World and New York Tines.

The Governor of Pennsylvania has recommended the Legislature to melee an appropriation to equip 15,000 militia for the special defence of the State.

An enormous mass meeting has been held at New York to nominate

General M'Clellan for the presidency. The New York Herald

estimates that 100,000 persons were present. Resolutions were

VIssed denouncing Mr. Lincoln's polio and recommending

'Clell&n!s nomination on a Constitutional Constitutional ~T-tf-%a- A Confederate privateer is reported sixty miles south-east of Sandy Hook. She has captured a pilot-boat. The Persia has arrived out. Gold, 165 per cent premium.
good advice, such as Alcides gave to  A topic has

arisen, and it will be welcom ed. A Federal frigate has made capture of a vessel from an English port, and. said to be under the English flag. The Georgia has been taken by the Niagara. The former was once a Confederate vessel and wrought wild. work with Federal commerce, but she has been sold to, an Englishman, and. he has had her chartered bythe Portuguese, or so it is stated. Had the Niagara a right to seize her? Was her old character done away? Had she become an English ship? Will Earl Russell demand explanations? If she is not given up, shall we go to war with the North, recognise the South, and rush into the affray out of which we have kept so long? The future will decide all these questions; our present duty

to "write and be thankful" for a new topic in this dreary Iseason.
On Thursday a marriageThf considerable interest took place

at the Church of St. James, Piccadilly. The bridegroom, Lieutenant Samuel Wyldo Usrdinge, was an officer in the United States navy, holding the rank of Lieutenant on board the American warsteamer (Jonnactuca. The lady was the daughter of General Boyd, of the army of the Southern States, who lately died in prison, having been made prisoner by the Federals. Her father, General Boyd, who possessed vast estates in the territory of Virginia, early embraced the cause of Southern independence, and was soon intrastod with a commend, obtaining the rank of General. me daughter, the bride, enthusiastically embraced the same cause, followed her father to the field, and accompanied him throughout his campaign with the celebrated Stonewall Jackson, and on two occasions led on the troops to battle; she was, however, in a skirmish, captured and made prisoner, and conveyed to Washington, where she was imprisoned. Here she remained thirteen months, when she was exchanged for General Coehrane, who had been made prisoner by the Confederates. On her return to the South, she went on board the Greyhound, Confederate steamer, which was captured by the Federal steamer Connaetuca while running the blockade. Lieutenant Bardings was sent on board the Greyhound as prize-master, with his young heroine as a prisoner. The result was that they mutually became enameured, and escaped together from the ship, and found their way to this country, the bride having succeeded in withdrawing her lover from las allegiance to the United States flag, and enlisted his sympathies and support for

the South.
The Commissioners of Customs have issued a general order

to the collectors at the various peels that, in pursuance of instructions from the Lords of the Treasury, "no ship of war belonging to either of the belligerent Powers of North America shall be allowed to eater any of her Majesty's ports for the purpose of being dismantled or sold,"

The Toronto Loader has the following remarks on the pro

posed British American Confederation - " In point of territory, British

America under one Government would make one of the most extensive countries in the world. It is impossible to state the area with absolute accuracy, because many parts have been only imperfectly surveyed or explored; but it may, at all events, be taken that Newfoundland comprises 40,200 square miles (many persons believe the number to be much greater) ; Prince Edward Island is 2173 square miles; Now Brunswick, 27,100; Nova Scotia, 18,600; Canada (according to Sir W. Logan), 030,000; Hudson's Bay territory, 2,300,000; British Columbia, 200,000; Vancouver Island, 10,000; making together 2,033,070 square miles-a larger area than that of the United States (if there should be such a country now), end approaching the size of Europe. The boundaries of British North America may be taken to exceed 11,500 miles. But if for the present the proposed confederacy stop short at the Red River, it would embrace a territory more extensive than those of Prance, Italy, Portugal, and Greece add3d together, end equal to Germany and Spain united."
ECHOES OF THE WEEK.

THAT "half a loaf is better than no bread at all-" is a proverb, the truth of which no Engliabmsn thinks of doubting, and of which certain American statesmen begin to perceive the truth. It is silvery well for contractors for the commissariat of an immense aimy, and for such recruiting officers whose pleasant duties lead them away from the front, to still cry out "War to the bitter end ;" but for those in the front, poor fellows I the bitter end has indeed arrived; and, in justice to their good taste, it must be said that they do not like it. To strike ten thousand dead in one week-of whom three fifths die by war and the rest by pestilence-is an act for which no Government can be applauded, unless it is gilded by the sunshine of success. But in the lurid flames about Petersburg-nay, even at Atlanta and Mobilethere is indeed no real glimmer of that blessed sunshine which we all worship. Foreseeing this, we have for some weeks caught the faint echoes of the word 'Peace 1" echoes which are growing louder every day, and which must eventually make themselves heard. Amongst the blessed effects of the "Seasons" there is one upon which even Thomson never wrote, and that is, that horrid winter, succeeding golden autumn, does give a pause to the operations of var, and generally terminates what is called a "campaign."

Come, gentle Spring, ethereal mildness, come, cries Thomson, impatient of Winter; but now we would substitute peace for the second monosyllable, and welcome the hardest American winter that ever split the frozen toes, brittle as icicles, from the feet of a backwoodsman, so that it would only give a pause and inaction vhioh could bring better thoughts to both parties. It will be to the uedit of our Government if, with a tender and debate hand, it urges good offices to each belligerent. The dove is about to fly from the ark: may it not he furnished with an olive-leaf from this Isle of isherty?

Out of evil comes good. Everyone knows that our best hooks are eprinted in America because the duty is so high that it absolutely umounts to a prohibition; the same is the case now with our papers, nd publishers and rich people can alone afford to bny them. There

a talk of reproducing Punch in New York, and selling it cheaply here, and also of reprinting many of the best articles from our daily apers and issuing them in a cheaper form. This method has for a ong time been pursued with our magazines, and has the advantage of giving our cousins the benefit of a calmer style and of English thought. It cannot fail to do good if the American mind will accept our free criticism as calmly as we take theirs, notably let us say, of Emerson and Hawthorne, the former appreciative, the latter abusive. So susceptible, howeyer, is the Yankee mind, that we hear that in New York a reprint of "The Gentle Life" is to be edited, so that all intiAmerican. reflections of that mild and populaf series of essays are to be carefully removed. Let us 'hope that this will not be the case with all our outspoken and vigorous writers
AMERICA.  -

We have news from New York, by way of Cape Race, to the 2254 jilt.

Two corps of General Grant's army, under Hancock, Ie moved to th north side of the James River, for what object ã appear. On the 14th ult. a portion of the second arid tt5 advanced against the Confederate position at Deep BCOiL

caOid

ptured part of a line of works. with four guns and a.

prisoners. The Confederates fell back to a strong against which the Federals advanced across On OP but encountered a heavy fire from the Confede te

and, being unable to advance further, the

much an possible until dark, when the wereraWU. 1S! loss in these operations is estimated at 1000 men. On the General Gregg's cavalry division drove the Coufeden55 ft0 works on the Newmarket road, but the Confed&ateS rJIW. Gregg was compelled to fall back oil his infantry Sa)O. ever may have been the purpose of the Federal ooeT W north side of the James. it seems to have failed, for we lava by t"~t

latet telegrams that the troops had recrossed the river. The Confederates at Petersburg shelled Grant's lines for thI on the morning of the 17th tilt, On the Itith jilt, the 42a d Grant's army took up a position on the WJon B*L ' according to one account, the Contc'derat4 attacked best

dbfik' "I

lodge them. Another acconnt, however, st5te; that tb

were surprised by the Confederates, and driven back witb the

3000 men; that they were subsequently reinforced, and r1V

ground; and that fighting continued.

Butler is assiduously employed in vuttinw a canal across the P

sida of Fairies. Jtdand. with a view to enable hi jri.bZ5 IQ

the river obstructions below Drury's Bluff.

The news from the Shenandoah i of an ercitin chact '

if i'atte fowiig Fouthiwani or nortiuwa;d, n orint to

if the rcixcuve rnrtie. On the ltii ult., we are toil th '

Nrritt's eavalr wat ttutcked by a uJ.aat,,
a sharp light the latter was routed, leaving 800 prisoners. It having subsequently been ascertained that heavy reinforcements had reached. General Early, and that the Confederates were manceuvring to get in the Federal rear, General Sheridan fell back from Strashurg to Berryvilla. While the retrograde movement was being executed, Sheridan's rear-guard was overtaken near Winchester by the Confederate advance, under Breckenoidge, end suffered severely.

There was a rumour in New York on the 20th that Sheridan had met with a disaster at the hands of the Confederate General, and had been obliged to retreat to Harper's Ferry.

Despatches from Admiral Farragot's fleet confirm the Confederate accounts of the operations at Mobile.. The squadron passed Forts Gaines and Morgan under full steam, gving and :eoeiviag a terrible fire. The Federal loss during the whole engagement amounted to about 250 men, including the crew of the monitor Tecumseh, which was instantaneously sunk by a torpedo. The Confederates had abandoned Fort Powell, and the garrison had unconditionally stirrendered Fort Gainos to the Federals, who were preparing to invest Fort Morgan, which they had already begun to shell from two mortax-vessels. The garrison had destroyed all the outbuildings and manifested a determination to holdout to the last. The fort is known to 13 , well garrisoned and provisioned. A body of Federal troops was also said to be advancing from Pensacola in order to flank Mobile. Confederate accounts continue to regard the surrender of Fort Gaines as an act of treachery. The Mobile Register of the 10th tilt, states that General kraury has ordered noncombatants to lean that city. The lfrçjistei says :-" There is no thought of surrendering the eity 1IC;r any belief that it can he taken."

 Advires from General Sherman's army to the 17th nit. report that the Confederates are vigorously operating against the Federal communications. On the evening of the 14th ult. General Wheeler with 1700 cavalry, demanded the surrender of Dalton. The Federal C'ommandsr, Colonel Siebold, whose force amounted to only 800 men, refused to yield the position, and maintained a stout resistance until the following morning, when Federal reinforcements arrived, and the Con-S ftdeiatss were. driven off. It is reported that a severe engagement ocbm'ied at Graysville, eighteen miles from Chattanooga, between Wheeler's command and the Federal forces under General Steadman. The result is not stated. General Steadman was severely wounded, and Colonel Straight, of the 51st Indiana, was killed. A squad of Wheeler's men had gone to destroy the tunnel at Tunnel Hill. General Sherman was rapidly completing his preparations for the bombardment of Atlanta. Hood still maintained a hold front, and there were even indications that he would assume the offensive. He is known to have received heavy reinforcements.

The Richmond Sentinel states that Chalmers achieved a victory over the Federals at Abbervifle, Mississippi, on the 14th ult., inflicting on them severe loss.

Hostilities by the Indians in the north-west have been renewed.

Many of the settlers in Kansas have been murdered, their houses and crops .burnt, and their cattle driven off. The inhabitants generally are fleeing to the towns for protection.

Generals Ehint and Sherry, commanding on the border, are ergsnising a large military force to pursue and attack the Indians.

 The Peace Democrats had a convention at Syracuse, New York, on

the 17th tilt., in which they went in for a peace candidate for the presidency, and for an armistice. The telegrams state, but without giving any authority, that a desire for peace is gaining ground. The .Neu, York Herald urges that commissioners should be sent to Richmond in order to propose an armistice for six months and the convocation of a convention from all the States to devise the best means of obtaining peace. The correspondent of the Daily Hews writes, however, in a different strain. He states:-" I do not think the Northern public was ever one jot more confident of final success, or more determined to persevere, than it is at this moment, and the events of the campaign, though they have not been such as many people hoped for at the outset, have certainly not been such, so far, as to cause any despondency."

On the evening of the 22nd ult. gold was quoted at 2561.

The Confederate cruiser Tallahassee has made sad havoc athong Federal shipping, having burned more than fifty merchentmen and flsl4ng'vessels off New York and the coast of the Northern States. She arrived recently at Halifax, but was ordered off, whilst coaling, by Admiral Hope. 0he following is her description, published in the New Yerk papers

The privateer Tallahassee is an iron steamer, painted white, with two smokestacks, two screws, about Tllft. in length, 2Qft. beam, and draws about nine feet of water. Her bell is marked "Tallahassee , of London less." Engine marked" 2. and W. Dudgeon, London." She Is fore-and-aft schoonerrigged, mounts three guns-one small one on the topgallant forecastle, a long 22pounder amidships, and a 24-pounder aft. She carries four waist-boats. Her crew consists of about 120 persons, including the officers. Men of all nationalities are represented on board, most of whom are said to be soldiers from Lee's army. She is said to have run out of Wilmington

about ax days ago, without having been seen by any of Admiral Lee's

blackaders. She has a quantity of cotton on board to protect her boilers, and

there are four barrels of turpentine on deck to be used in firing vessels. She is commanded by John Taylor Wood C.S.N. The surgeon, Shepperdson, says be was one of the Chesapeake pirates, A Mr. Hall is the boarding officer. The crew are dressed in rags and tatters. Some of them wear their pistols tied to

them with Manilla rope yarns. They are a hard-looking set.
The Engraving of the Lizzie, blockade-runner, built on the Clyde, whieli appeared in our Journal of the 6th of August, was made from a botegraph of the oil painting executed by Mr. Samuel H. Fyfe, of 127, aiaiey-road, G.laegow, for the builders of the 9-eel, Mere. Hendeesou,

Coulborn, and Co., of Renfrew.
VIEW OF PETF.RtltlRiL VIRGINIA, FROM GENERAL

tiE 4 II t).Q1.UTl1t4. (" th' cap cf thneuI Lee hu nt u' hi keeh

. '! th t.wu of ltthQr an a.tjettt 1.try. f (;al (rnt. The 1graviw of vv ' ti two M of our Paper. the 1,wer half bn,t o Up:T lull. en t ersd. We tn aetit, !I 1,e of lttcturg with our Viw of that  ce whioh wi

n fethtght ago. In our present 1Uutra:im, though it h to aliow the line of the two eontndin arune. thir

av i:ivnacan partly be adeout by at.vting from the tnt of th

Fkrtd ildicrv, which axe ahow nlcm a rising oun4 at the tn:n ktt of the upper half of our Enginr. ait fullwitg frou kft t right the indicathata of eethwor. ami rifle-pit until th'y Wild by the foliste of the wood. At the trenv r4-ht.h:tnl corir

portion of the yiec- we come upon General  with h14

ItAff officer,. partly ltered behind a clump of rot ant w.ichiu

11 enemy's movuenta through a tleld-g1a. Our rient. tjrn on the 18th of July. as that the wll.iriog from the Foleral

ck had been entirely betowud u"n the women an1 thil.tleu. wh

Ftill ained in the town. and that it had not done the ziighet

innry to the Cnf kette troop, who were lying zun enoigh in their

trenth hund the belt of wood which eurnznda P*terthzrg. The

mien of the a ant't ata on both ai would annetime Wave off

at each other. come fcwuzL and bare a friendly talk.
A prisoner of war advertises from Juhnsons Island, in *

New )erk journal, fur a tltitte to take ltl  in the m

there \Varatd.-A uhtitut to stay her in my ilaee. lie moet 1w "Tty

yr t, have a gta5 moral character, Al iii etivv poWer,io%d Wt ii4It

w wrjtfi ry. To nvlt a ()It all the ath ntag 0! a triot r'

rThy rMi l;,. and all unrnitgatd watehfuTn to re'eot thia from peUd4

3tTr off, rel for au hihlthIte A34rc  me at lfiack 1. 114440 111

e Iaad Llllary I'r.n, ut any tin,,,- fur the next tlirre iVX

1eL*iii ha1 a .kzen i tutee-tauzjv'.-At JlltTZ.
AMERICA.

There has been a fierce struggle between GeneraI Lee sal for the Weldon Railway. On the 19th ult. the Federals tss*

p.ti  " AL

osi on on it, but were surprised and driven back, with a k* f all"

diled and wounded. The Federals, being strongly reinføi,

the position; and, though the Confederates made repest

to dislodge them, they maintained an ntrenhej pojrt fleams station on the 27th. The Wehion line was of great valat the Confederates, as by it a large portion of their anppli,

Wilmington, Charleston, and the Carolinas was brought. An engagement took lace in the Shenandoah Valley on t pit., between Generals Lerly and Sheridan, near Chareow.

oss on both aides was severe: but apparently the latter had the weft

f it, for he fell back to ffaflto----a a mall lace near Ilarr*r'a gerry n the Virginia Fide. Early proceeded to M1artinsbur. whither it

eorted General Lee was advancing to join him with a large with the intention of invading Maryland.

Sherman's position in front of Atlanta was said to be aaahee4,

but his cavalry had cut ten miles of the Macon rallros4. As t

the sole line along which supplies for the defenders of Atlanta ca he brought, its destruction is an important achievement. On the -

side, the Confederate Wheeler had cut the Knoxville and CtattaagW

railway, along which some of the Federal supplies were

From Mobile we have news that the Federal troops from l?eesscaè were advancing to the bay, and General Granger was within p mniks of Fort Morgan. Th Mayor of Mobile had ordered all . combatants to leave the city, which was to be defended to the la

extremity. The Confederates have sunk a steamer in Mobile tha ren,1ermn access to the city impossible until removed.

The lallaimassee burnt twe4ty-two fishing-vessela off the N

C'aie of Prince Edward Island on the 25th alt.

Rumours of peace negotiations are again current in 1e York. s4

the Rereld states that overtures either for peace or an anni't h

been made to the South by the Administration. A eenmi-a,cia2 deai

has, however, been given to this statement.

Gold had gone down as low as 250; ; but this was attributed tn the

p'. babihity of M'Clellan being nominated President by the 4.'hims Ucnvention.

Chicago despatches report that the nomination of General MUeflas 1i- the Convention is considered certain, and tint of l'eudkrtasm, e Ohio, for Vice-President. Several prominent Abolitionists base essl Pi esident Lincoln and General Fremont to withdraw their ai a presidential candidates, and to call a convention to nominate a frush lilpub1ican candidate. General Fremont has consented to withdraw if President Lincoln will do so also.

The Victoria, the London packet-ship which had Franz Miller, A.

ru'pected murderer of Mr. Briggs, on board. arrived t New Yerk es

the 24th nit. Miller was appreuended, and the hat awl watch of Mr.

Briggs were found in his possession. Nevertheless, he wotested he

innocence, Mr. Death, of Cheapside. jeweller ideathhed'Mdlier .

tively as being the man who bartered Mr. Brigga's chain with tim;

and the cabman, Matthews, also swore to his identity. The legal isa.

ceedings precedent to his extradition for trial in ngleod mm progressing on the 27th nit.
7 enrougn

(5 T]1 New Yorkers are, as we have said, busy in their election, just

in the spring we shall be busy in ours. The opinion runs very much in favour of M'Olellan; certainly, his only dangerous opponent is Lincoln himself. The pro-war party depend upon a continuation of the war to the "bitter end" by lincoln or Frentont ; they look to immediate peace at the hands of Yallandigham, and to peace upon a solid basis from General M'Clldllan, who, it is believed, will not lot the honour cLbiance.tn suffer

k A B++1a amiwe 4 4
Mr. Yate. By the mistake of a newspaper correspondent it Se been reported that Mr. Sala (who is so well known in connection with this magazine) has returned to England. This is not the case. He is still eporting "America in the Midst of War," and his readers would be orry to miss his fluent, truthful, and clear pen. His diary in America

• be published in October next. By-the-way, a writer from

ew York in the Reader plainly accuses our English coives

ondents of painting white black, according to order, and the ng]ieh of being gulled and hoodwinked in their judgment of this eat struggle and of American character by these paid fibbars.

•s, of course, is the old story; to all English travellers, from Basil

all, Mrs. TroUope, and Charles Dickens, to Mrs. Trollopa's son and

r. Mackay, we have heard long ago that immense suns have been

aid for the purpose of abusing America, but by whom? It does

pear to us that these gentlemen could have made, if venal, quite as

noh money by writing up everything rote1e.'r de rose. Let us hope

at some English author will give this slander an indignant denial.

Mr. Sala's letters we may say, honestly, that, without reference to

epth of view or method of treatment, we have heard dwellers in cries-nay, Americans themselves-attest their photographic

nth.
TilE impartial observers of the affairs of America, who for our present purpose may be defined as those who desire to see peace restored to that distracted continent, have recently perceived a gleam of hope in that direction. Without adopting too ssnguine a view of the situation, it may at least be said that some things tend to show that there is a chance that negotiation will take the place of armed arbitrament, and that an attempt will be made to bring about a solution of the dispute between the North and the South. It has all along been well understood that Mr. Lincoln, in his character as president of the Federal states, was the representative of a war policy. He himself laid down his principle, in his own liomaly phrase, and probably with the intention of reducing it to the simplest form, when he said that all that was to be done, so far us he was to influence affairs, was to "keep pegging away." It was a very obvious deduction from this fact, that if the President were to receive the honour of re-election it would amount to a declaration on the part of the North in favour of a continuance of the war for another term of four years, or to the point of exhaustion on both side if that p oint should be reached within a less period than that to which the next tenure of the presidential office would extend. A proposition, therefore, which has for its object the withdrawal of the candidature of Mr. Lincoln, may be accepted as an indication ci a change of opinion in the North, or in that perticn of the people of the North who are practically the

governing class. Few of us in this country exactly

understand the force of certain political influences in America; but of late we have been led to suppose that the nemination of a candidate for the office of President at a convention to he held at Chicago was to be conclusive of the principles on which the coming election was to be conducted. It appears that the decision which is likely to be come to by this body is a rejection of the claims of Mr. Lincoln, and the nomination of a person who represents the opinions of the party which under the name of Democrat, while holding fast by the principle of the preservation of the Union, yet desires to ace that object attained by peaceful means, and therefore is in favour of at least a suspension of the war. In this country a declaration of a political league, even at Manchester, could not summarily decide a great national question; hut, according to opinions and statements which are just now prevalent, the vote of the Chicago convention will go far to turn the tide of sentiment in the North towards peace, and it is said that Americana are embracing the new policy of negotiation almcst as eagerly as they adopted that of war.

However this feeling may prevail, it is not to be supposed that the Federals have yet yielded, even in idea, the question of

Southern independence or have given up all hope of the restoration of the Union. The utmost that it can be assumed that they have ceded is that at present accession is not to be put an end to by war; and that hostilities may be laid aside

pending an effort at negotiatIon, without prejudice to another and future appeal to arms. Without taking for granted..-for the fact is oae by no means to be assumed-that the North is actuated by any notion of proximate exhaustion, it msy be supposed that a cessation of the flew of blood and treasure hieh has been going on so long would not be anwelcome totbt Federals: an& looking to the military situation, an annist ice Would by no means operate to the ultimate detrimcat '! the North with reicrenee to any renewal of hos.

ltlCS. It 14 stblc.-in.tl, preb&ilc-that a temporary in ho t nn ' lec is nil that will i-ue out of neo

h -i'.:,h .. nil rJae to re.:ntr the thn
-

upon any terms, it is very questionable whether the N submit to acknowledge secession ; and the only aleej, would be a recurrence to the attitude of belligcrent

While admitting a doubt of t favourable result

out of the new phase into which the quetion of and South is presumed to have entered Wi, who ha uniformly urged peace and a restoration of at least the OUtW*j and visible signs of peace and goodwill between ti brethren by nationality, if not wholly by race, cannot fl state our earnest desire that there truth in the MM"Jurs to which we have referred of a tendency towards Puliey negotiation in America. It is the first time in the wlirds of u contest that we have seen any signs of the Coining of the r*i through the clouds of broil and battle; and mcst heartily ghsa we hail its appearance. 1f there exist amongst the Fej party the sagacity which is at this moment attribnd t and which leads them to see that a combination of which are sufficiently obvious, but which it i not nee7 wound Northern susceptibilities by specifying, ha, arties, which gives fair opportunity for putting a stop to the esj of kindred blood, we trust it may not be exereivj. j. ,, The Americans are as often actuated by impulse as by &M, other motive, and if now they are yielding to an iW4,4 which carries them towards an attempt to rest pe their country, even the cynics of the world will forgl'r any deficiency in dignity which may seem to at because they have not been influenced by some notion of abstract principle.
