their peculiar and widely different d. Captain Uhesney' history of General Lee's Vireininn campaigns is of itself worth more than the shilling demanded for the Jh'it.sui Aim and Nary Rcrww, This periodaeslhas also a good memoir of General 6 rant. Thea,*
We have news from New York to the 1st inst.

The quietude about Petersburg has been broken. It is announced that General Grant's army had undertaken important operations both on the north and south banks of the James River, though their scope and result are not yet very clear, It appears from Grant's report that,
on the morning of the 20th tilt., General Orci's Federal corps advanced. and carried the strong fortifications of Chepiri's Farm, in Which he took fifteen guns and 200 prisoners. At the same time another Federal division moved from Deep Bottom and carried the iatrenchineo.ts 'which defended the Newmarket Road, scattering the enemy and taking a few prisoners. This division afterwards advanced towards Richmond, and arrived at a place called Junction Hill. In a subsequent report, apparently forwarded on the evening of the 30th ult., Gen'enni Grant stated that the operations on the north side of the James River weresuccessful. He further added, as to has movements on the south baum, that on the 30th alt. General 'Warren's corps carried the eneuly's line on the right, and was following up its successes; and that General Meade had moved from the left and carried the enelny'a lines near Poplar Grove, while General Butler had repulsed an attack on his lines.

General Sheridan had reported, apparently on the 23rd nit., that he had pursued the defeated Confederates to Port Republic; that his cavalry had destroyed much property at Staunton and Waynesborough, on the Charlottesville Railway; and that General Early's' army was said to be demoralised. No official accounts later than the 26th nit. had been received from him, as Confederate guerrillas in his rear had captured his cm'iriers-a strange position for a conquering anny to be in. But the Richmond journals asserted that on the 26th ult. General Sheridan unsuccessfully attacked General Early at Broom's Gap, and that General Early then reassumed the offensive, and drove the Federals back six miles to Port Republic, and, it wasbelieved, across the Shenandoah river.

 The position of General Sherman at Atlanta does not appear to be' quite safe. A brigade under General Martin had torn up the railway track between Dalton and Atlanta while General Forrest had taken the Federal garrison at Athens, had destroyed the railroad between' Decatur and Athens, had captured two trains on the Nashville and Chattanooga railroad, and had done more or less damag00 n various parts of that railway. But it is stated that the Federal vernment "felt no apprehension concerning General Sherman's coumunications." Secretary Stanton has issued a circular uring the people' to promote enlistments in order that General Sie.rmau might be enabled to hold Atlanta find to advance further south. General Hood was advancing towards the Alabama line. The Southern papers state that Beauregard had been appointed to the command of the Confederate armies in Georgia. The rumours of peace negotiations in that State are renewed. It is said the Governor of that State had tendered to Sherman propositions of peace, and. that that General had sent commissioners to treat with the Georgian authorities. A Washington telegram of the 20th nIt, says:-"Aftercareful inquiry, it cannot be ascertained that any importance is attached in ocial circles to the rumoured peace propositions from Georgia." A paper war has been raging between Generals Hoed and Sherman respecting the expulsion by the latter of the citizens of' Atlanta.

The Confederate General Price, who was aided by Generals Kirby 'Smith and Shelby, had invaded the State of Missouri at the head of forces estimated at 30,000 men, and had advanced. at least as far as Potosi. The invasion had caused great alarm at St. Louis, where the Federal authorities were preparing for the defence of the city; and General Rocecranz had issued a proclamation calling the Union people to arms, and had succeeded in raising 12.000 Missounian militia.

General Hooker has been appointed to command in the West.

President Jefferson Davis, in a speech made by him at Salisbury, in North Carolina, declared that, although reverses had been experienced by the Confederates, the spirit of the confederacy was unbroken ; and it would yet wring peace and independence from a hated foe. He urged all Southern men to join the army, and all Southern women to marry no man who shirked the duties of a soldier.

A mass meeting in favour of Lincoln had been held at New York.

General Sully is reported to have defeated the allied Indian force of

G01)0

000 warriors in a desperate battle in Nebraska, inflicting upon them

tI

errible punishment.

After violent fluctuations, gold was quoted on the 1st inst. at 001 premium, showing a great decline from previous prices. At one time the premium was as low as 80.
The Secret, a splendid iron paddlle-steamer, has been launched

frcm the ship-building yard of Messrs. Bowdier, chatter, and Co., on the Mersey. The Secret is intended for the blockade-running business, and is 2,10 ft. in length, 28 ft. beam, lift, depth of hold, and 8)0 tone burden, with n-gines ncminelly of 180-horse power.

-

The JJancliestes Guardian states tEät Captain Sommes,

commended the Alabama during her eventful career, loft Liverpool on Sunday a a shin called the Laurel, which cleared for Nassau, Havannab, and Matemores. The Laurel's cargo is said to consist of munitions of war, and Captain Semmrs is ecoempanied by eight omoors and one hundred -onen, most of when,

I is alleged, sen-cd under him in the Alabama. It is net pretended that the Laurel could act as a cruiser, but the report goes that she will meat, at some ccnisnient point, a new and powerful steamer, called the Ranger, to which she will transfer Captain Senimes end his companions, no well as the stores which she takes out with her.

--a
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONEERING IN

W YORK.

WE have engraved two sketches by Mr. C. D. Shanly, of New York, who explains their subjects in the following passage of his letter, dated the 18th nit.

"On the night before last theAc was another tre-mendous demonstration here in fvour of M'Clellan

and Pendleton for the residency and vice-presidency of the United States, respectively. The railings which surround the Park of Union-square (the park in a circle within the square) were hung everywhere with coloured lanterns, and the ten stands erected for the speakers of the night were similarly illuminated. Thecaunonseemed tobelouder, andtheflreworksuiore brilliant and complicated, than I remember to have heard and seen at any similar celebration here. There was an endless torchlight procession of the M'Clelianites belonging to the several wards of the city; and the torches, every, now and, then, discharged globes of fire and showers of sparks into the air. All was ablaze of many-coloured light, contrasting finely with the cold splendour of the moon, which rose up very bright and clear while the sceneas at its height. Conspicuous in the procession were a number of large waggona, draped with the national flag and hung around with Chinese lanterns and other luminous objects.. So crowded were these vehicles that they resembled moving pyramids of acrobats. They all displayed an immense variety of transparencies, stranger in their suggestions than Longfellow's 'banner with a strange device;' and I noticed one of them with a large stuffed eagle mounted over it upon rods, in a position intended to represent the sweeping soar of that noble bird. The jokes of Mr. Lincoln were a. favourite subject for the legends upon the trans. pareucies-the rather grim one of 'Coal, 14 dois, per ton ' being greeted by the populace with groans as it swayed past. One of the waggons bore the ship 'Constitution '-a good-sired vessel, barque, rigged, and manned with a crew of young fellows in

red shirts. Passing through a dark by-street, a man on horseback galloped past me, pulling up his horse with a jerk every few yards, and discharging a shower of fireworks from some contrivance carried in his hand. As he disappeared into the dark, through which he loomed up here and there in a glory of his wildfire, he suggested the idea of a mounted igns fatuur, come up from his native swamps to contribute to the harmony of the occasion. The sentiment throughout this dempnstration was one of disgust with the war; the feeling, that with the election of M'Oleilan peace will be restored-somehow."

Mr. G-. A. Sala, in one of his recent letters, com

ments upon the scene as follows:-" Not so many years have passed away since, in England, a knight of the shire could not be chosen to sit in Parliament without brass bands, flags, streamers, open carriages with white horses, and abusive placards-without the punching of heads, the blackening of eyes, and the phiebotomising of noses. And our cousins at New York preserve these undoubted relics of the manners of their fathers; but they have added to them strange accompaniments and supplements, for many of which the Germans are responsible. Thus, a nocturnal, outdoor mass meeting resenta in its external aspect a curious combination of Hogarth's 'Four Scenes of an Election' and a German Iastgarten on a holiday. And throughout the whole giant city you
will find the same odd mixture of English and Teutonic elements of civilisation-the grog-shop grafted on to the Gessilschaftshaua; the rowdy getting drunk on whisky and sobering himseir on lager beer: the impulsiveness of the Yankee neutralised by the stolidity of the Dutchman. I happened to pass through Union-square in the afternoon, and watched with great interest the preparations for the meeting. You might have fancied that a Ciremorne fête was about to come off. Platforms and firework galleries had sprung up as if by magic, horizontal beams were hung with festoons of parti-coloured Chinese lanterns, and banners, and transparencies, and flowery devices, 55 yet unlit, abounded. I came back after dinner, when it was quite dark. The square was broken into patches of 'brilliant coruscations of light,' and presented a really beautiful and picturesque spectacle. Every platform was garlanded by the Chinese lanterns I have spoken of, and the gas-lamps had, besides, been unscrewed from their posts and hung to the aides of the scaffolds, to give light to the reporters. There was the grand stand, whence the great guns of the Democracy were to orate, and a number of smaller platforms for the less shining lights, and a German stand whence the young ravens of Fatherland could be fed with interminable jobations ending in gag' and 'art.' There was no particular Irish stand. Ireland in the United States is everywhere. At eight o'clock artillery began to roar from the mobsu±es of the square. Many brass bands then began to bray. The 'Star-spangled Banner' blended with the waltz from 'Faust' A big eagle in gas suddenly spread his dazzling wings over the portal of the Maison Dorée. Delmonico's, which is not fifty yards from the square, was illumined from roof to basement. The waiters rushed about nervously; They had a. heavy night before them. The orators 'change their breath' before they speak, and sup afterwards, The neighbowing bars were full to overflowing; the hackneycoach horses champed in the first floors of the liverystables; for in this city horses go up stairs to bed, like Christians. Small boys filled the branches of the trees; no policemen ordered them to come down. The Broadway squad were clustered round the different stands, while from the corner of Fourteenthstreet, which is at right angles with the square, a blinding ray from a calcium-light apparatus shot across for many hundred feet-a bridge of radiance. There was a splendid display of fireworks before the procession of the 'Wards' entered the square. Rockets went whizzing about in every direction, making one feel rather anxious as to the particular direction in which the sticks might fall. Behind me watching the dark and dense oups on which bom moment to moment 19I. MAN glow of the fireworks fell, and which were cleft in twain by that blinding cord of calcium light, stood a knot of European diplomatists. Sure enough, before the termination of the proceedings on Thursday night, a pistol went off in the outskirts of the crowd, and a young man was shot in the leg by an unknown assailant. With this exception, the meeting passed off with the most perfect peace and harmony. There may have been at one period 86,000 persons present, but I did not see a blow struck nor hear an angry word spoken. There is no mistake into which foreigners are more likely to fall than that which assumes that the normal condition of American popular assemblages is one of riot and confusion,"
The arrival of the North American gives its intelligence from New York to the evening of the 8th inst.

The ctetai.ls of the battles of the 29th and 30th tilt., in the neighbotu0iood of Richmond, have been received, and show that the fighting was of a more sanguinary character than was at first reported. On the 29th tilt, two Federals eorps, under Generals Ord and Birney, which had suddenly crossed from the south to the north bank of the James River, advanced towards Bicinrond, and carried the works at Chapin's Bluif and Newmarket Heights, but subsequently failed to take a position held by the Confederates at Laurel Hill, and withdrew to the junction of the Varina and Newmarket Roads. On the 30th tilt, the Confederates unsuccessfully attempted to retake the positions captured by the Federals on the previous day. On the 1st least. there was no fighting, though a Federal reconnaissance was pushed on towards Richmond. In these engagements the Federal correspondents put their losses to at least 2000 men; and their black regiments, which are said to have behaved ears' gallantly suffered especially great losses. Active operations on the south of the James River did not commence before the 30th ult., oa which day two Federal corps advanced, on tire xtremc left of he Fedcaoi lines, cud carried seine (J:jnfemjerate

• but wae utly c;rpped t'y ma atroa Th:e of ileieccs.
On the let inst. the Federals advanced a little farther, but then baited, as they found the Confederates behind earthworks which it was not prudent to assault. The Confederates still held positions covering the outbside Railway and the road by 'which they communicate wit

the Weldon Railway, and their defences were too formidable to be easily stormed. In these, actions on the south of the James River the Federal correspondents admit losses amounting to more than 2000 men of whom more than half were made prisoners on the 30th ult. The Federal losses in both dayt is admitted by Mr. Stanton to have been 4000. The Obnfederate losses were also severe. There seems to have been a pause in the fighting for some days. On the 7th. inst. the Confederates attacked General Butler's lines on the north of the James River, and drove in thetroopeof General Kaute, whose guns the 1 captured. They then attacked the position occupied by General Birney a corps but were repulsed, and Birney retook the position, which had been held by General Kautz, and forced back the Confederates "to their inner line of defences.' The Northern papers contain a report that the larger portion of Grant's corps has rccrossed from the north side of the James River, but state that he retains his position in the surrounding forts. Both sides were fortifying and preparing for a great struggle.

Sheridan reports himself at Rarriaonburg preparrag to risume the attack on the Confederate forces, wiich hofd fast to the Blue Ridge, in front of Charlottesville. The New York papers point out that he has a difficult task before him, but express the utmost contidenre that he will accomplish it.

 In Western 'Virginia the Federals had made an attack on Sa.ltviile and been badly repulsed.

We get a few details of the recent movements of Hood's army. This force left its position at Jonesborough, between Atlanta and Macon, on the 19th nit., under circumstances which led the Confederate newspapers of Georgia to promise great success for their. cause. It moved at first, to Montgomery and West Point Railroad.

IB the beginning of October it became apparent that one of the 3ects of this movement was to be better able to efllect the dests:uction of the railroad in Sherman's rear. Telegrams -from Griffin, near Macon, to the Richmond papers, dated Oct. 4, stated that all accounts agreed that Hood was right in Sherman's rear, and held the road from Vinin to Marietta. Sherman, it was added, would be obliged to cut hip way out of Atlanta in a 'very few days. It soon appeared, however, that Hood had no intention of placing his army where it could be so easily attacked, and that only a division or two had been sent to Sliermaaxb. rear. On the 4th of October a Confederate force captured Big Shanty, upon which Sherman sent out General French with 7000 men to meet them, and on the 6th an action took place. 'Ihe fight lasted six hours, and the Federals lost 300, while the Confederates left lOOC) killed and wounded in their hands. The Confederates retreated to Dallas. The railroad in Sherman's rear was being rapidly repaired.

The Governor of corgia had rejected. General Sherman's proposal for an informal peace conference.

The Confederates had entered Arkansas and were moving against. Little Rock. If they succeed in capturing it they intend to combine with General Price, who is making a victorious march through Missouri, and approaching Jefferson, the capital of the State, with 113 intention of capturing it and 'establishing a State Government. The Federal General Ewing's brigade, which had been compelled to evacuate Pilot Knob, had succeeded in completing its retreat to Rofla, though 300 prisoners fell into the hands of General Price.

The Macon Tefagraph contains a speech alleged to have been. delivered by Jefferson Davis, asserting that Sherman will be compelled to re-enact the retreat of Moscow, that the independence of the Smith would be established, and the enemy defeated if half the absent, troops returned to their duty. The Southern press is dissatisfied with the speech, and doubts its genuineness.

The Federal authorities in Tennessee had ordered a conscription of ill men, white or black. between eighteen and forty-five years of age, and had announced that all persons in Tennessee who may vote at the coming presidential election must swear to oppose an armistice and. peace negotiations with armed rebels until constitutional laws and constitutional proclamations are re established throughout the State.

Secretary Fessenden had issued proposals for a new loan of 40,000,000 dollars, to bear six per cent interest payable in gold. The amount of the public debt announced on ept. 30 is 1960 million dollars. The latest quotation of gold at New York was 99 prem.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

WE have received, from our Special Artist and Correspondent with the army of the Confederate States in Virginia, two sketches illustrative of the recent operations in the Shenandoah Valley, and one, representing a conflict between Eowlett's battery and the Federal iron-clad gun-boats, or "monitors," in the James River, some miles below the city of Richmond. In the first of these fllnstrattons we have a picturesque view of the scenery of the Blue Ridge Mountains at Front Royal, where the divisions commanded by Kershaw and Pita Lee descended into the Shenandoah Valley, and crossed the river on their way to form a junction with the forces under General Early, near Winchester. Our second Engraving shows the march of the same body of troops through another part of the valley, which here spreads to such width that it should rather be called a plan. The Blue Ridge is seen in the distance, to our right hand; and to our left is the smoke and dame of burning villages which have just been visited by the Federal army. Our Special Artist, indeed, from his actual ohservation,testiuies that, onthis occasion, "the Federaisretreated, burning and itying waste every homestead in their track; thereby redn,cing hundreds of families to absolute poverty and possible starvation"_

treating the State of Virginia as a hostile country, but in a spirit of wanton destructiveness unknown to modern European warfare. The site of Hewlett's Battery, which appears in the foreground of our third fliustration, is on the south bank of the James River. It forms the extreme left of the Confederate lines of defence before Richmond, while the Federal works, discerned amid the foliage of the back.-round in our view. ac-ark the cxtrciuo right of the besiegers' position. The gun-heats or ailsutors ore Iyiag beneath the oi posite, or north, bank of the river. Milwey between those vescis and the battery are the oh-in the elti'nnrl by the Federals to prevent the Con

fedurate flotilla detecuitlig tipcin tell. 'Liie navi'tanon of tile river is so efeclvniiy rle i at neticr yuty get at tilts other by water, itt ti,e rtJli.t' Ci anpe u; : o". as cs"plrçseJ is, the preeet 3lu.strahcx,
AMERICA.

We have news from New York, by the Peruvian, to the evening of the 15th inst.

There bad been no more fightingin the-neighbourhood of Richmond.

General Grant had returned to Petersburg, after having visited President Lincoln at Washington. General Lee's account of the engagement on the north of the James River, on the 7th inst., stated that the Confederates attacked the Federals on the Charles City road drove them from two intrenohed lines, and captured ten guns, but that, finding the enemy further strongly intrenchecl, they did not, press the Federals. On the other hand, General Grant's report stated that on the 7th inst. the Federals only lost 400 men, while the Confederate loss amounted to 1100 men.

General Longstreet was said to have superseded General Early in the command of the Confederates in the Shenandoah Valley. The Federals under General Sheridan had retreated down the valley solar as Strasburg. He was pursued by the Confederate cavalry under General Rosser, but had, we are told, routed his pursuers neat Strasbnrg. taking eleven guns and 800 prisoners. During his retreat he had desolated the whole country, and had burned all the houses for a distance of five miles.

Several guerrilla bands have entered Maryland.

General Sherman, writing to Major-General Hafleck, Chief of the Staff, on the 9th inst., from Alatoona, reports as follows of the state of things in Georgia:

I reached Keneeaw Mountain, Oct. 6, just in time to witness, at a distanca

the attack on Aietoona. I bad anticipated this attack, and had ordered frees

Rome General Cerse with reinforcements. The attack was met and repulsed, the enemy losing some see deed end more than 1050 wounded and prisoners Our loss was about 700 in the aggregate. The enemy captured the small garrisons at Big Shanty and Aokworth, and burned about seven miles of onr railroad ; but we have at Alatoena and Atlanta an abundance of provisions. Hoed, observing our approach, has moved rapidly back to Dallas and Van Wert, and I em watching him in case he tries to reach Kingston or Rome. Atlanta is perfectly secure to us, and this army Is better o than in camp.

 The Richmond journals had published a fteapatch announcing that Rome had been taken by the Confederates, who had made 30QI prisoners; and other Southern joernals assert that the movements progressing in Georgia render Sherman's position untenable. A flotilla of Federal transports which was ascending the Tennessee River had been attacked by General Forrest's Confederates, who, destroyed two transports and compelled the others to retire with some loss.

The Confederate General Price had proclaimed his intention to remain in Missouri, and had passed the Osnge River and moved westwards. His army, which was said to be 20,000 strong, was pursued by 8000 Federal cavalry under General Pleasanton, who had engaged its rear at Jefferson, while the Federal General Curtis, coming from Kansas, engaged General Pt-ice in front. The result is not reported in the Northern accounts; it may therefore be presumed to have been favourable to Price, as he has expressed his intention to remain in the State. Price's headquarters were, at the time of the latest news, at Borneville.

It is reported that the preparations which were being made for a Federal attack on Wilmington, both by sea and land, were nearly completed.

President Davis has returned to Richmond from his visit to Georgia.

Vice-President Stephens has written a letter in which he says that the only key-note to peace is the acknowledgment of the sovereignty of the States. He favours an armistice and a convention of the States, and believes that the question of the boundaries of the confederacies-union or unionswould adjust themselves to the interest of parties end the exigencies of the times.

The elections in Indiana and Ohio were said to have resulted in a victory of the Republican party by a large majority, bat in Pennsylvania the Democratic party had gained largely, and the soldiers' vote was awaited to decide the result of the election. In the State of Maryland it was expected that the popular vote would ensure the adoption of an anti-slavery constitution.

The "Democratic National Committee" had issued an address protesting against the suppression of Democratic journals and the imposition of test oaths at the elections in Tennessee. This address was couched in threatening language, and vehemently condemned President Lincoln's revolutionary purpose.

The death of Chief Justice Taney, of the United States Supreme Court, is announced. It is reported that Mr. Case will succeed him.

The bids for the loan of 40,000,000 dols. amount to 00,000,000 dole. The tenders range from par to thirty hundredths. The public debt is now estimated at 4,000,000,000 dols. The price of gold has risen at New York, the lest quotation being 119 prem.

The case of the passengers of the steam-ship El lla has been decided in favour of the Government.

The New York Commissioners of Emigration report that in the year 1864, up to Oct. 5, 151,803 immigrants had arrived; in the corresponding period of 1803, the number was only 119,512.
The Solicitor-General and Mr. Morrison, M.P., addressed

their constituents, at Plymouth, on Thursday week. The Solicltor-General alluded to the efforts made by the Government to preserve neutrality in respect to the American war, and especially to enforce the Foreign Enlistment Act. For these efforts he claimed the approval of his hearers. He spoke strongly in favour of non-intervention in foreign affairs, end avowed that his opinions on reform, the ballot, and church rates were unchanged. A. vote of confidence in the learned gentleman and hb4 dolloagne was agreed to at the close of their opceohee.
William Pape, the celebrated violinist, having made tlie toLtr o Scotland an the north of ]ng1aud, began on Wednesday a sewad tour, taking Leamington, Bbury, Lynn, ISorwicli, CUfoi, Exeter, Torquay, Plymouth, Truro,.nd other towns.
A contemporary tells u that a wrong report is anroad concerniii

Mr. Sala's book on America which is promised us at the end of the

year. This we seem some time ago to have indorsed, and it is thisthat the book would consist of a revised, expurgated, and annotated edition of his excellent letters as a correspondent. Fearless and bold as these letters are, detailing immediate impressions with a photographic fidelity, we should have been glad to have seen them reprinted; but we are told that the work to be published in December will be entirely new, some of the matter of the author's letters being only intioduced in foot-notes.

"He makes a solitude, said calls it peace," is a good render

ing of a Latin quotation which has passed into a proverb. All

conquerors have tried to do so now and then, but probably none more wantonly and effectually than General Sheradan-'who we hope is not even a collateral descendant of our brilliant Richard Brinaley-who has swept the smiling Shenandoah Valley as bare as a flight of locusts leave a cornfield. The whole country between the Blue Ridge and North Mountains, he reports, is devastated; two thousand barns, seventy mills, hay, flour, farming implements, and meal are all gone In retaliation for the shooting-how done we are not told-of a non-commissioned engineer, he burnt all the dwellings within a radius of five miles where he fell. "If you ask for my monument," cries the epitaph of Wren, "look around you 1" The spirit of engineer Meige may repeat the sentencewithout variation; and this, we are told, is war. Some years ago we used to hear from our cousins that the starving millions of England could be fed by the valley of the Shenandoah alone. Alas now who will feed the feeders? Notwitli

standing-nay, rather use

of-this the tide of victory seems to be on the turn, and indeed to have alreay cnuuenced flowing in to the Confederate side of that deep and dangerous channel 'which separates the two. Money goes up in vabie, and the hearts Of people are troubled-and no wonder. The very best news we hear from the American continent is that the C,nfederation-the Canadians are particular in their choice of words-of the Canaclas goes quickly, silently, and safely on, and that the whole of British America is loyal, peaceful, and confident, and not at all dismayed at the promise of an invasion so often held out to them from the brave boys of New England or the drab-coated men of Pennsylvania. We all feel that when the Confederation is accomplished there will be a good thing done and one too which if 'many regret all will own was inevitable.
AMERICA.

The Jura brings intelligence from New York to the evening of the 22nd nit.

General Lonstretwas defeated on the 19th nit. General Sheridan

states that be?ore daylight the Confederates attacked his army at

Cedar Creek, tuning and driving most of his line in confusion and

capturing twenty guns. He was then at Winchester, whence he hastened, and found 1iis_troops driven back, between Mdl1etowxt and Newtowri. He drew them. up in line, and repulsed tie enemy's attack et one, o'clock in the afternoon: Two hours afterwards he attacked the Confederates in his turn, and. drove and routed them, capturing fifty guns including those previously taken from the Federals. No official estimate had been made of the slaughter on dither side ; bp,t unofficial advices state that the Federals had lost 5000 men, hiclading four Generals; and that they had taken 1600 prisoners. The defeated (Jonfederates had retreatd to Woodatock, and were pursued as far as Fisher's Hill by the Federal cavalry.

There has been little doing in the neighbourhood of Richmond. Twi

divisions of Grant's army made a reconnaissance to Darby Town road, where they found a new formidable line of Confederate works; they assaulted them, but, having been repulsed, they withdrew, pursued by the Confederates.. The Federal. loss was 400 men. General Lee reports that the assault was easily repulsed, with a slight Confederate loss.

Stanton reports that the telegraph is working to Atlanta. Southern

despatches indicate that Hood is about to change his base of operations to North Alabama, where he will be joined by Beauregard for the

 osecution of tht campaigii against Hautsville, Alabama. Walkeen

I~Ians-Mississippi division has crossed the river to reinforce General Hood. Southern journals continua to represent Sherman's position such that the evacuation of Atlanta may daily be expected.

The Confederates, under General Forrest, were reported to Ixivo

invaded Western Kentucky.

General Price had taken Glasgow, and had obtained many recruits

in Missouri for, his army, which was assuming formidable proportions; but the Federals were concentrating their forces to attack him, and it was reported that skirmishing had began between his troops anti. those of the Federal General Curtis.

SI

ome twenty-five desperadoes, supposed to be Confederate refugees. had attacked and plundered the bank at St. Albans, in the State of Vermont, and had afterwards fled into Canada, where most of them. bad been apprehended, and the money had been recovered.

The Ric1'noncf .Eireminer was urging that negroes should be armed by the South; and-the Confederate Governor of Louisiana was said to have made the same recommendation.

The Confederate Congress will assemble at Richmond on the

7th inst.

The presidential election in the United States will take place on

Tuesday next, the 8th inst.

President Lincoln has disclaimed any purpose of interfering with the operation of the constitutional law, whatever may be the result of the election.

A committee from Tennessee has presented a petition to President

Lincoln, asking to be relieved of the test oath required by Governor

John stone's proclamation. The committee have written a letter stating

that Lincoln replied that he supposed New York politicians had concocted the petition; he expected that M'Olsllan's friends would manage their side of the election in their way; he would manage his in his way. He might or might not hereafter write something -about the matter.

An anti-slavery Constitution has been adopted in Maryland by a small majority, increasing the free States to twenty.

In Pennsylvania the result of the 'voting was undecided; but the soldiers' vote showed a large Republican majority.

hi a long report addressed to the Secretary of War, Judge lEolt had

asserted that an extensive conspiracy against the Union, under the presidency of Mr. Vallandigham, had been formed, principally in the north-western States, and that the conspirators, who numbered several hundred. thousand men, were mostly armed and organised.

The price of gold was constantly fluctuating in New York, but the latest quotation on the evening of Oct. 22 was 212.

The Federal steamer Roanoke, which plied between Havannah and New York, had been seized at sea by Confederates, who went on board as passengers at Havannah. They landed her passengers and crew at Bermuda, and then, after burning her off the harbour, returned in boats to Bermuda, where they were arrested by the British authorities.

The well-known Confederate cruiser the Florida has been captured

off labia by the Federal man-of-war Wachuseits. The Index, the

London Confederate organ, gives the following account of her capture :-';The Confederate authorities in London have received a telegraphic despatch, dated Lisbon, from. Captain Morris, commander of the Confederate steam-ship Florida, announcing the capture of that vessel on Oct. 7 by the Federal steamer Wachusetts in the harbour of Bahia. At the time of capture the Florida was lying under the guns of the Brazilian forts and of the Brazilian fleet, and Captain Morris was on shore. Captain Morris is on board the Magdalena-, bound for Southampton."
THE WATER OF SARATOGA SPRINGS.-I took a. g1as

What was it like? Well, let me see. Say half a pint of very Sninil beer:

brewed during a thunder-storm at Brontford, and retained for an UnflsUflJ

period in a chandler's shop in Seven-dials, where the trade wasn't brisk, tear

the red herrings and the pitohy fire blazers were kept on the top of the cask

than diluted with the water in which cabbages had been boiled, and tin drippings of the gingham umbrella, bought secondhand in Vinegar-yard, or a very wet November day: then sent to sea, and allowed to run freely tIOWr the lee scuppers; then carefully collected in a hog tub, racked through o, ensi of turpentine (that came over in a ship ot1ierwle laden with guano ant )fonte Videan hides, with the horns and hoofs on), mingled with the refusa o a dyewor]es, filtered through a guspipo, to make it sweet and clean, ju

freshened up-to give it a head-with nsaaf,ttila and jahap, and ve1l stirath

up with a brass candlestick, far gone in verdigris. This may give you am imperfect idea of what the water of my first ud 3at spring in Saratoga wn like-C. 4. dolts.
A s]iarrper took passage in au,exirigrant-sliip from Bremen to

It . , _ a e

I 713.1timore, and, convincing the emigrants that gold was not ourre t in th

; 1-  6'

_it _

'tatc.

United StMes, succeeded in buying with greenbacks nearly all the gold in the .~ i on of ..

POM&4on of ih,

the passengers, ata discoimt of 30 percent. Tfiesliarp2rcleared

up", of 3000

pward  d

ardB of 3000 dollars by his rascality.
SLAVE-SOLDIERS.

TRJ3 is no more revolutionary agency in human affairs than war. It would be a mere truism to speak of the rapid and violent changes which occur in the physical and material condition of the countries in which war is waged. Despite of modern theories of gentle and tender warfare, conducted on what are called the principles and requirements of advanced civilisation, devastation, rapine, and all their attendant miseries still characterise the movements of belligerent armies. The moral and social effect of this huge evil on nations and individuals may not be so patent, but it is almost as certain. The influence for the worse which a single campaign exercises on the minds, habits, and feelings of persons actually bearing arms cannot be overrated in relation to a disregard of human life and sufferings and a confusion of ideas on the subject of property. But a deeper and wider influence is brought to bear on the social and even the political opinions of communities by the operation of war. No more notable instance of such an operation on the public mind could be adduced than the change which has taken place, socially and personally, so to speak, in the feeling of the American people towards the negro race. It would

be useless on the part of the most pronounced adherent of the Federala to deny that in the social scale the negro in the North has hitherto been forced into the condition of a pariah. A system of special exclusiveness was adopted towards the coloured race, which obtained in every public place, not excepting places of worship. Contact with them was an abomination, and even in the remotest degree the taint was sufficient to create and to nourish aversion. But somehow, in the North, in the third or fourth year of the civil war, all this has suffered a change. On the whole, the negro-certainly the negro who escapes from the South-has been promoted to the position of a pet. In a certain sense, the free black is really more of a free man. His name has become another word for a cause. Nay, there are some philosophical naturalists who hold that the only hope of checking an alleged deterioration in the physique of the American race is to be found in an engrafting of the negro upon the white, and miscegenation is a familiar word in the Transatlantic vocabulary. Indeed, so conscious is the gentleman of colour of his rise in the social and physiological market, that a preacher of that particular human family, reversing the once regular notice which was prominent at the entrances of churches and chapels, has ventured to announce that a special.

place will be set aside in his edifice for such white people as might be desirous to attend his ministrations.

But the most significant fact in reference to the status o the negro in the Northern States is that of his enlistment and enrolment in regiments in the Federal armies. No doubt, in the first instance, this was intended as a stroke of subtle policy, a kind of protest against that slavery which was made the ostensible, if not the chief, motive of the war. Something of the needs of recruiting, and not a little in regard to providing for the safe disposal of runaway slaves from the South, may have been at the bottom of this proceeding; but the privilege that was proclaimed was that of giving the selfemancipated slave the opportunity o fighting against the system of thraldom frQm which be had escaped. Contrary to expectation, the negro regiments, who were secretly believed to be only food for powder, turned out to be soldiers, eqal, if not more than equal, to the average; and now it is the regular custom to specify with laudation their conduct in all the aetions'wbich take place. In the case of negroes serving under white officers and brigaded with white regiments, the attrition of war has rubbed down many angles of opposition, and, in runny instances, there has been something akin to fraternisa
thin between the troops of divergent colours. So far as we at this distance can ascertain, the experiment which bas been made in the Federal armies has been successful, and the, negro has made a further step in his progress towards. tlip assrbion ci his pusiion amongst men-in America, -

A propzssal -which has been mooted for the conscription of the negro in the South bears upon thefac of it' a still greater importance than is invoivodin the admission of that race to the armies of the North.. The condition of the -black-slavery apart-in the South has always been very different to That to 'a blob be was subjected in the North. Although in the South his social' status was technically more distinctly defined, it is at least a question whether 'what way he called his relations of contact and inter

enrse with the predominant race were so marked by the antipathy in which his kindred in the North was held. To be sure, be was a slave, and that comprehended everything which could be held to be degradation; but personally, and with a certain individuality, he was not treated as if he were positively loathsome. He often lived in a sort of household familiarity with whites to which the free negro of the North aever attained. And yet there were many reasons why the transformation of a Southern slave into a Confederate soldier would have been a more violent change than that which has taken place in the case of the free black of the North. In the trat place, the Southern negro represented so much property, which was put in jeopardy by his enlistment; in the net place. doubts might well exist of the prudence of arming and disciplining a man to fight against a cause which, nominally and even ostentatiously, was put forward as his own 'by the North; while the services of that which was essentially the labouring population in a country mostly ag~lcultaral was. too, necessary to its requirements, either peapeful or bclligernt, hastily to be liven sip.. Z1 tbee anti, any. other, considerations wliehi may ay Actuated the. Confe4orates in abstaining. from rwriliting their iries from the me gropopulaiop, .appoa o, be, y,lding, to,teiueyitbleneceesities the war; And eir th t1lo tjxp has come to put into ,tie arli'iy every

negro s a oldicr;" it is asserted 'it so.w,pIay. an ãppostant part, in the Ulat he niuscd the glit, an ;i  his, pprtiqn of - the burden' '.. The

striking . admission, ,however, a manifest,cs. of

the ,Govrnor of Louisiana. from ''hich the above scn

teuce5 are ettactcd, is to be found in a statcuient that all to, hear arpa Should be freed' awl, put into the *cld at omeç." II this principle is to be carried out in its

inte.grit. the. work i' esnancipation will have.bcguu at thc mesttth.the fist negro corps is enrolled. Itis allowel,. as

a ncessary e,oodition,to isis becoming a soldier, that tbc i,l.aek iabould cease to be -it slave. Such a.stipubtion was in

evil abIe mindits result is equally inevitable. The exigencies

of. t,lie Crimean War fbrccd on the Emperor we Rit ia the

enlistsiit o muiibcrt of serfs, who, by the act b( econiing soldiers of the empire. were emancipated; and it is iso straineti presumptitis, but a logical deduction, to assert that the ulpnato cafranehisement of the whole of the thralls of MuseOvy was the consequence. Out of similar conditions a like issue most

be evoked in the Southern States of America. ' -
11 this suggestion of emancipation and enlistment be acted upon by a solemn decree of the Confederate Congress, the Slave States will have accepted the principle of the freedom of their

egrocs. From this point of view, it becomes possible to bring the ti 'nd's-eye to dwell on a prospect, more or less distant'. of the cessation of the war, it may be that the South would have comported itself with greater dignity if, in the first instance, it had practically ceded the principle of negro emancipation, as will now be the ease if the new policy indicated be adopted; but, at any rate, the point of difference which is assumed to be at the root of the contest which is going on will disappear, and at least one great pretext for, internecine hostility will have been removed. Doubtless, much may be aid with regard to other inferenoes to be drawn from the proposition to arm the slaves of the South. It, may he urged as a proof of a certain cxhaustiou in the Confederate Stats, coincident, however, with a stubborn determination to continue the contest by all available means and in all extremities. The rendition of their

slaves to the military service of their country would. be. nn-questionably a great sncrifice on the altar of patriotism by the proprietors of the South, and it might also do much towards prolonging hosti)itie. But if by the act of creating a black soier, a slave is converted into a freedman, it is undeniable that slavery as an institution is breached, and its ultimate fail is only a question of time. It is not for us in this country to lay down the terms on which the fratricidal war in the States of America should be brought to a conclusion; but we mire not to be denied the privilege of being glad to perceive any sign or symptom which points, however remotely, to it cessation. But if, by some happy 'uombination of events. the termination of the war anl. the extinction of slavery as a principle, in due time to vivify into a fact, should synchronise, nowhere in the world would there be more sincere rejoicing at snch a circumstance than amongst the peaceful and free people of England.
