.&ME1ICA.

By the arrival of the Cunard steamer Arabia we have received New

York journals to the. 12th inst. The news is of more than usual interest.

-. DBUIGERENT, OPERATIONS 33Y SEA AND LAND,

On the morning of the 8th instant the much-talked-of iron-plated steam-ship Merrimae and the Confederate steamers Yorktown and Jamestown left Norfolk and attacked the FeeraI sailingfrigates Cumberland and Congress at the mouth of James River. The Merrimac received the broadsides of the Cumberland and Congress at one hundred yards without sustaining any damage. The Merrimac then ran into the Cumberland with her iron prow, literally lay-tug open her sides.. She then drew off, fired a broadside Mt. the Cumberland, and again ran into her, knocking in her aide, and left her to sink. The Congress, which had kept up a brisk engagement with the Ydrktown and Jamestown, then stirrendered, The officers and marines were taken prisoners, but the men were ordered to take to their boata and run ashore; About 150 of the crew of the Cumberland were drowned, and about 50 qa hoard the Congress were killed. The Federal frigateeMinnesbta ahd Sb. Lawrence were being towed to the assistance of the Cambérland and Congress when the Minnesota got aground and could-render no assistance. The. St. Lawrence, being a sailing-vessel, prudently kept outof the fight,. The Congress was burnt to the water's edge, and two Federal gunboats, the Oregon and the Zuave, were put hors de combat by the monster, When this news reached New York it was much feared that the Merrimac would shortly make her appearance in New York Bay and hr mbard the city. The Mayor was urged to sink ballastladen ships in the channel to prevent the passage of the enemy. These fears were not destined to -he realised, as, by.a piece of great good fortune, the Federal Bricason floatingbattery Monitor arrived at. Fortress Monroe that same night, and was ready to engage the Merrimac in the morning. The two vessels fought five hours, during which they nearly touched each other, the Monitor finally succeeding in forcing a hole in the port side of the Merrimac, which thereupon retired, with the, rest of the Confederate fleet, to Norfolk, The Monitor was uninjured. Some of the Federal spectators assert that the Merrimac was injured, but others dissent from this opinion.

 Commodore Dupont's naval expedition which left Port Royal captured and occupied Brunswick on the Georgian coast. The expedition then proceeded to Cumberland Sound, the entrance to the harbour of Fernandina, Florida, and took possession of Fort Clinch, which the Confederates had evacuated. The Federals captured twelve large guns.

On land the events are equally stirring. The Confederates have

abandoned all their batteries and positions on the Potomac, the navi

9tiO31 of which is now entirely unimpeded, and the long siege to which ashington has been partially subjected has ceased.

A runaway negro brought the news to the Federal camp that the

Confederates were abandoning their intrenched positions and moving southward. Accordingly, on the 10th, General M'Clelian ordered the' main army to move on towards Centreville end Manassas. The former place was found deserted. TheythenceproceededtoManaseaa, which theConfederateshad entirely abandoned. Theloghuts in which theyhad been housed were left standing. Piles of bullets and cartridges were left in the tents, and an immense quantity of quartermasters stores, The fields were everywhere silent and deserted, the country people having Bed, and the fortifications were bare and blackened. All the railway briges were destroyed and the track torn up. It is not positively known at what point north of Richmond the Confederates will make' their next stand. General M'Clellan had established his head.quaxtera at Fairfax Courthouse. The evacuation of Manassas by the Confederates had caused great rejoicing through the Northern States.

From the Upper Potomac we learn that General Banks had occupied Leesburg without opposition.

From Tennessee the news is that the Confederates were about to

make a stand at Chattanooga, a place of great natural strength on the borders of Georgia and the point of junction of four railroads. General Beaureaxd's health has improved, and he is said to retain his old confidence in the ultimate success of the Confederate cause,

A Nashville correspondent of the Edinburgh Deihj Review, who

dates his letter Feb. 19, gives an inside view of the condition of the

Confederate army in Nashville before its evacuation. The destitution and suffering, and consequent demoralisation of the soldiers, are painted as extreme. Without shoes, with only a single blanket peE man, with few tents, drenched with rain, lying on a muddy swamp,. with unfit food and unwholesome water, they died "without an arm to, save or an eye to pity." The condition of the hospitals is described as "horrible and heartrending." Without nurses, equipments, meth-clues, or good food, "misery, hopeless, unalleviated, was everywhere.

Of the cooking department it is written that it was in such a wretched

condition that the food was eaten nearly raw. It consisted of salt pork,

hard bread, hominy, and rice.

General flslleck officially reports that the Federal army of the

South-west, under General Curtis, had gained a victory, after three'

days' hard fighting, at Sugar Creek, Arkansas, over the combinedConfederate forces of Van Dorn, Price, and M'Culloch: guns, flag, and provisions were captured in large quantities. The Federal cavalry were pursuing the enemy. The Federal loss is estimated at 1000' killed and wounded. The enemy's loss is stated to be greater.

The territory of Now Mexico has been invaded by the Texans, who

were about to attack the Federals at Fort Craig. The invasion has

caused the indignation of the New Mexicans, and 8000 have been enrolled to resist the invaders.

-  CONGRESS.

The House of Representatives has passed a resolution concerning pecuniary compensation to States willing to emancipate their slaves in accordance with Mr. Lincoln's Message by 88 against 31 votes.

The Senate has passed a bill to the effect hat no Federal officer or soldier shall return fugitives.

-  MISCDLLANEOPS.

The Constitutional Convention of the State of Illinois has adopted

an article which prevents negroes and mnlattoes from emigrating into that State by 45 against 18.
An emancipation meeting was held in New York on the 6th, at

which Mr. Karl Scburz made an able speech in favour of immediate

emancipation, and against the roconstrion of the Union oil its old

basis and the government by military rule of the Southern States, which, he contended, would inevitably lead to the subversion of the liberties of the North,

CANADA..

A man named Cornwall had been arrested at St. Catherine's on a

charge of offering inducements to British soldiers to desert and join

he American service. He was committed for trial . ................................................

THE AMERICAN IRON-CLAD VESSELS, TRE MONITOR is a long, wide, and fiat-bottomed vessel, with vertical sides and pointed ends, requiring but a very shallow depth of water to float in, though heavily loaded with Impregnable armour on her sides and a bombproof deck, on which is placed a shotproof revolving turret, 'which contains two very heavy guns. She is so ION In the water as to aford no target for an enemy, and everything and everybody is below the waterline with the exception of the persons working the guns, who are protected by the sliotproof turret. The aides of the vessel are first formed of plate iron, half an inch thick, outside of which is attached solid white oak 281n. thick, outside of this again is rolled iron armour Sin, thick. The bombproof deck is supported by heavy braced oak beams, upon which is laid planing lbs. think, covered with rolled plate Iron lIn, thick. The turrets consist of a roiled plate Iron skeleton, iOn. thick, to which are riveted two thicknesses of iOn, each of rolled iron plates. Outside of this again are six plates of rolled iron, all firmly bolted together, with nuts inside, so that if opiate is started it can be at once tightened again. The top is covered with a bombproof roof, perforated with holes. The lower pert of the gun-carriages consists of solid wrought-iron beams. These are planed perfectly true, end are placed sorailel in the turret, both of the guns pointing in the sense direction. The ports in the side of the tunnel are only large enough to permit the muzzle of the gun to be thrust through. Inside of them ore wrought -iron pendulums, which close them against the enemy as soon as the gun recoils. She is armed with two of the largest Dahlgren

 Wmade to revolve by a pair of steam engines placed beneath the deck.

~'lovvr vessel Is of iron, fin. thick, and made in the usual manner.

she carries her machinery, coal, Sic., aft, and forward the officers' quarters, ammunition, and stores. The two partitions of the vessel are separated by is wroeght - iron bulkhead. The cmror& quarters are roosnv and handsome, and are ventilated and lighted by openings from the deck. Her machinery consists of two horizontal tubular boilers, containing 3000 square feet of fire surface, and two horizontal condensing-engines of 40-inch diameter of cylinder, and 22tech stroke of piston. The propeller is Sit. in diameter, and lift, stroke. It has four blades. The pilot-hones in only a few feet above the deck, the helmsman standing on a platform below it. This, and the turret, are the only things above the surface of the deck.

- THE MERllIMAC was formerly the United States' frigate of that name, which was scuttled and sunk at the Norfolk Navy-yard, at the commencement of the rebellion, by the viScera of the Union Government, to prevent her fall.ng into the bands of the Confederates. She was built at Charleston in 1855, and was pierced for forty guns. Nir last service had been in the Pacific squadron. After the Confederates took possession of the yard she was raised and converted into a man-of-war for their own use. Net bull was cut down to within three feet of her water-snack, and a bombproof house built on her gun* deck. She was also iron-plated, and her bow and stern steel-clad, with a projecting eagle of Iron for the purpose of piercing vessels. She has no masts, and there is nothing to be seen over her gun - deck, with the exception of her pilot-house end olnokestack. Her bombproof is three inches thick, and is made of wrought Iron. Her armament consists of four 11-tech navy guns on each side, and two 100-pounder Armstrong guns at the bow and stern. Last November she made a trial-trip from Norfolk, running down so close to Fortress Monroe as 0-c be seen by the naked eye, bet ventured no nearer. Although she was looked upon by the Confederates sea tough customer for a vessel or vessels not protected as she is, vise remained inactive anchored of Norfolk until her present engagement. The Meraisnac was commanded by Franklin Duehenan, formerly of the tTnion Navy.

 LATEST NEWS FROM ABROAD.

The folio-wing telegrams were received through Mr. Renter's office yesterday (Friday) -

AMERICA.

(Per steamer City of New York, vid Qaeeustown.)

Nnw YORK, March 14, Evening.

The Evening Post says the balance of advantage in the late move

ment of the rival armies on the Potomac is generally considered to be

on the side of the Confederates, even by the Federal Generals and the

warmest friends of the Union. The correspondent of the New York World says that the Confederate army made the most successful evacuation and the most secure and perfect retreat of which history furnishes example. It escaped safely with its entire right and left wins from every point threatened by the Federal lines, and securely carried off all its guns and threefourths of the population, black and white. The next stand will be made on the banks of Beppahesmock River, from Port Royal to Fredericksburg.

The Confederates have evacuated New Madrid, leaving guns and stores 'which they could not carry away. The Federal troops have occupied the town.

A rumour is current that island Number Ten has also been evacuated by the Confederates.

Reports have reached this city that General Beauregard has been appointed Commander-inChief of the Confederate army, and that Manaseas was evacuated at his suggestion.

The Naval Committee has introduced a bill in Congress providing

for the construction of an iron-clad steamer of 6 000 tons burden, to be

used only an a rain, end appropriating 1,000,000 dole, for this and also 13,000,000 dole, for iron-clad gun-boats. The bill also appropriates 700,000 dole, for Stevens Battery, and 500,000 dole, for the extension of Washington Navy-yard, by erecting machinery to roll and forge plates for armour-clad ships.

President Lincoln has issued a war bulletin assigning General

Fremozit to the command of the military department of the county

west of the Potomac and east of the departments of the Mississippi, to

be called the Mountain Department,

General Fremont's appointment is regarded unfavourably in some quarters, and is looked upon as a conciliatory concession to the Republican party. Mr. Wadsworth, of Kentucky, in a speech in Congress opposing the Tax Bill, said that Fremont's appointment proved that an ultra class were all-powerful with the Administration.

The Richmond Examiner says: "We have a positive assurance that the evacuation of Manassas was not caused by pressure of the enemy, but took place purely from strategic reasons." A new line of defence will be organised, which will probably extend from Staunton to Gordonsville."

A portion of General Banks's division has occupied the important town of Winchester, Virginia. Twelve hundred Confederate cavalry, altar a slight engagement, tied, and the Federals occupied the town.

Associated-Press despatches state that the Federals were received with loud cheers by the inhabitants f Winchester.

A bill has been brought forward in the House of Representatives

proposing territorial government for the Seceded States. It was ordered to be laid on the table by a -majority of 9.

President Davis has suspended Generals Floyd and Pillow for their unsatisfactory report of the evacuation of Fort Donnelson.

The Merrimac is at the Norfolk Navy-yard. A large force of

workmen is engaged in repairing her. Her prongs were seriously damaged, and the forward pert of the vessel was stove in. These are being strengthened.  -

General Bragg has arrived at Memphis from Pensacola with 20,000 men. Memphis is reported to be in a state of anarchy, and martial law has been proclaimed there.

General Haileck officially reports that the Union forces had driven

the Confederates from Paris, Tennessee. The Federal ices was 100 killed and wounded.  -

A desperato fight, lasting one day, occurred on the 21st ultimo near Fort Craig, New Mexico, but with no decisive result.
4]IE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS

LONDON, S2V2WAY, MARCH 29, 1982.

!rH news from America is of a very exciting hind. The grand

army of the Potomac has at length advanced, and Washington

is free from the presence of an enemy that at one time menaced

the Capitol with destruction. From Mammas, the famous scene

f Federal disaster, the Confederates have retreated, and where

r when they will risk another stand is unknown; but their

language continues to be of the most defiant character, and it is not probable that they are prepared to give up the game, la the West, fortune has again been against them; and at a place called Sugar Creek, in Arkansas, after an engagement of three -days, their General (Price) has been defeated with great elaughter. From Florida to Charleston the coast is stated -to be in Federal hands. Against this catalogue of defeats is to be set the prestige of a most dashing act of seamanship. The Merriniac, a "monster" cased in iron, has been brought into terrible action by the Confederates at flampton Roads, and her exploit was to sink the Cumberland Federal vessel with two of those deadly blows which oanonly be

inflicted by this new and fearful engine of war. She also com-pelled the surrender of another Federal vessel, the Congress; but ,was in her turn assailed by an enemy of her own kind, the Monitor. The monsters fought round after round, unable to injure each other for several hours, but at length the Confederate vessel received an injury which is variously described, according to the bias of the narrator. At all events, she retired, and is said to be shut up in Norfolk by barges sunk by the order of the President himself. The Con. federate victory-for we may so call the sending the cumber. land to the bottom, with a large number of the men on board, and the capture and burning of the Congress_may revive the spirits of the South, but can have no other effect. The forces f the North are now pouring in through the breaches, and New York is already discussing the question, "Whom shall we hang?" The Representatives have passed the President's bill for offering abolition of slavery to such Southern States as may desire it. All the interest of New York concentrates itself on the Potomac army and its advance; but whether this latter is likely to continue is a question for the Quartermasters.
The fame of the Ian of Boss is perpetual, bat it is likely to be paralleled by the fame of the Man of Danvers. The most magnificent gift which has ever been offered by a single hand has been presented to the poor of London by an American merchant, George Peabody. He hands 4150,000 to five trustees, of whom Lord Stanley and Sir Emerson Tennexit are two, for the purpose of "ameliorating the poor and needy of this great metropolis, and to promote their comfort and happiness." In Danvers and in Baltimore, one his birthplace, the other a city where twenty years of Mr. Peabody's business life was passed, he has planted noble institutions, reserving this third crowning act of generosity for the foreign city where his commercial career has also prospered.

S'hrice happy man-enabled to pursue

What all so wish, but want the power to do.
BREAKING 2 OF THE ICE, NEW YOB.

Tan Engraving on page 307 from a drawing by Harry Penn, repr'

seats a striking scene that tales place annually about this time of the

year in the waters surrounding New York. It is occasioned princi

p'ally by the early thaw and separating of the ice in the upper part of the Hudson River. Being brought down by the recedho? tide it flows round the city, and accumulatea in dense masses, partaculariy in the narrow channel dividing Long Island from the mainland, called the East River. Here it becomes at times so choked as to put a stop to navigation, and makes it impassable to everthing but the ferry-boats, these cutting their way by main force though masses of ice that look large enough to stop the progress of any vessel. A New York ferryboat presents a strange appearance to a person new to America, looking far more like a floating house, or even street, than anything else. These boats comprise two spacious saloons or cabins-one for the smoking and chewing fraternity, thso ther dedicated to the ladies, but used by the public in general. They are well provided with cushioned seats, and brilliantly lighted with gsa,. the larger ones carrying vast numbers of

persons, as well as on for forty or fifty vehicles.

come so England tune 11).

There is one consequence of this abortive colony important enough to entitle

it to a place in history. Lane and his associates, by their constant intercourse with the Indians, had acquired a relish for their favourite enjoyment of smoking tobacco, to the use of which the credulity of that people not only ascribed a thousand imaginary virtues, but their superstition considered the plant itself as a gracious gift of the gods, for the solace of human kind, and the most acceptable offering which men can present to Heaven. They brought with them a specimen of this new commodity to England, and taught their countrymen the method of using it, which Raleigh and some young men of fashion fondly adopted. From imitation of them, from love of novelty, and from the favourable opinion of its salutary qualities entertained by several

Vicians, the practice spread among the English. The Spaniards and .Y~rauguese had, previous to this, introduced it in other parts of Europe. This habit of taking tobacco gradually extended from the extremities of the north to those of the south, and, in one form or other, seems to be equally grateful to the inhabitants of every climate; and by a singular caprice of the human species, no less 1lnexplicable than unexampled (so bewitching is the acquired taste for a weed of no manifest utility, and at first not only unpleasant but nauseous), that it has become almost as universal as the demands of those appetites originally implanted in our nature. Smoking was the first mode of taking tobacco in England; and we learn from the comic writers towards the close of the sixteenth century and the beginning of the seventeenth that this was deemed one of the accomplishments of amen of fashion and spirit.

A few days after Drake departed from Boanoke a small barges, dispatched by

Raleigh 'with a supply of stores for the colony, landed at the place where iii,

English had settled; but on finding it deserted by their countrymen they

returned to England. The bargue wee hardly gone when Sir Richard Greenvilk

appeared with three ships. After searching in vain for the colony which li had planted, without being able to learn what had befallen it, he leli fifteen oi his crew to keep possession of the island. This handful of men was soon over powered and cut in pieces by the savages.
CONFEDERATE P11SONERS AT ROANOKE ISLAND.

AMONG the lest batch of Sketches received from our Special Artist in

America, illustrative of the Federal victory at Roanoke Island, was one showing the group of the Confederate prisoners at Camp Georgia; and this Illustration, forming a suitable close to the series, we give at page 810.

The following quotation from the correspondence of the New York

Evening Post will serve well as a description to our Engraving of the

prisoners in their camp :

"Camp Georgia has, been but recently established, and was in

tended as winter quarters for the rebel forces on the island. The buildings are extensive board barracks, with well-built log-houses for officers' quarters and storehouses, and the camp presented the appearance of a large and well-laid out village. The entire quarters will comfortably accommodate 4000 men, They had made preparations for a siege and had laid in provisions for three months. There was plenty of good beef and pork flour, salt sugar, molasses, arid hard bread, superior to that furnished to the Federal Army. The North Carolina troops were certainly well cared for; only in the matter of clothing both officers and men were shabbily provided. The Richmond- Blues alone pretended to be dressed in uniform. The field and staff officers were habited accord

• lug to their taste and means, some of them respectably, but no two of

• them wearing exactly the same uniform, while some wore coarse negro

cloth of a doubtful grey colour. Instead of shoulder-straps the Colonels had three stars on either aide of the coat collar the Lieutenant-Colonels two, and the Major one star. As for fancy ecorationa, both officers and men stuck a star or a bit of lace anywhere in their hats or clothes without reference to 'regulations,' and they looked

 • more like inasqueraders than like military men. The appearance of the prisoners when drawn up in the camp was unfavourable in comparison with that of the Federal troops. Their shabby, often fantsa

I tloa], clothing and attempts at ornament might have had something to do in prejudicing one's mind against them, but they seemed generally coarse, vulgar, and uneducated men and boys, of all ages, from sixteen

• to sixty, and there was a large admixture of what the South itself considers 'poor white trash.' Among the officers there were many

• gentlemen, and one or two very fine-looking men. They appeared,

however, crestfallen, and looked as if they had played a desperate

- game-and lost."

Rosnoke Island, besides the interest which attaches to it from

recent events, has a special claim on the consideration of Englishmen

as being the spot on which the first settlement in the New World was made by their forefathers. This event occurred in 1585. It was from Roazioke, moreover, that the use of tobacco was introduced into

1 England. Robertson, in his "History of America," gives the following

account of this inauspicious beginning of our settlements in America r Raleigh fisted out a squadron of seven small ships, under the commend of Mr Richard Grcenville, a man of honourable birth, and of couragesoundaunted as to be conspicuous even in that gallant age. But the spirit ofthat predatory war which the English carried on against Spain mingled with this scheme of settlement, and on this account, as well as from unacquaintance with a more direct and shorter course to North America, Greenville ssiled•by.tho West India Islands. He spent some time in cruising among these and in taking prizes, so that it was towards the close of June befere he arrived on the coast of North America. He made some excursions into different parts of the continent round Pamuico and Albemarle Sounds; but as, unfortunately, he did not advance far enough towards the north to discover the noble bay of Chesapeake, he established the colony (Aug. Sd, 1585) on the island of Roanoke, an incommodious station, without any safe harbour, and almost uninhabited. This colony consisted of only one hundred and eighty persona, under the cornmend of Captain Lane, assisted by some men of note, the most distinguished of whom was Eariot, an eminent mathematician. Their chief employment, during a residence of nine months, was to obtain a more extensive knowledge of the

 e country; and their researches were carried on with greater spirit and reached further than could have been expected from a colony so feeble and in a station so disadvantageous. But from the earns impatience of indigent adventurers to acquire sudden wealth which gave a wrong direction to the industry of the Spaniards in their settlements, the greater pert of the English seem to have considered nothing as worthy of attention but mines of gold and silver. These they sought for wherever they came; these they inspired after with unwearied eagerness. The savages soon discovered the favourite objects which allured them, and artfully amused them with so many tales concerning pearl fisheries and rich mines of various metals, that Lane and his companions wasted their time and activity in the chimerical pursuit of these, instead of labouring to raise provisions for their own subsistence- On discovering the deceit of the

dIndians they were so much exasperated that from expostulations and

reproaches they proceeded to open hostility. The supplies of provision which they had been accustomed to receive from the natives were, of course, withdrawn. Through their own negligence no other precaution had been taken for their support. Raleigh, having engaged in a scheme too expensive for his narrow funds, had not been able to send that recruit of stores with which Greenville had promised to furnish them early in the spring. The colony,

e reduced to the tamest distress, and on the point of perishing with famine, was

- preparing to disperse into different districts of the country in quest of food, when Sir Francis Drake appeared with his fleet (June 1, laSS) retuinirg from a successful expedition against the Spaniards in the West Indies. A scheme which he formed, of furnishing Lane and his associates with such supplies as

S might enable them to remain with comfort in their station, was disappointed

e by a sudden storm, in which a small vessel that he destined for their service was dashed to pieces; and, as he could not supply them with another, at their

e joint request, as they were worn out with fatigue and famine, he carried them home to England (June 19).

There is one consequence of this abortive colony important enough to entitle
THE RECENT FLOODS IN SACRAMENTO VALLEY,  CALIFORNIA.

Accoms have from time to time appeared in this -Journal of the severe floods with which California was visited, at the close of last year said the beginning of the present one. In the present 1umbe± we are enabled to give three fliustrations from sketahss forwarded by Mr. Edward Viacher, of San Francisco, showing the lamentable condition of Sacramento City, which, as our readers are aware, suered terribly from the floods. The Views were taken by Mr. Viseher whilst on a visit to Sacramento City immediately after the third flood. Our Artist like many residents of San Francisco, went (lie says) to 'witness the extraordfnaiy sight of an ml lake thirty miles in width, with steam-boats plying over vast plains but lately furrowed by the plough, said all the customary means of communication reduced to the frail tenure of telegraph wires, or supplanted by feats of extraordinary daring He went prepared to see misers' and dejection for the doom apparently sealed, of the commercia' emporium of that region, the capital of the State;, he returned convinced that Sacramento will survive the present calamity, and' that Californian energy will recover from the heavy blow its interests have received. On arriving at the Levee in Sacramento, on the night of Jan. 23, the chaotic scene, faintly discernible by he light of the rising moon, with blocks of buil&?s emerging out of the engulfing waters, was impressive in the highest degree; It suggested the gloomiest forebodings; but a few hours later, with the rising sun, the gloom was dispelled. The impressiveness of the scene changed into the life and revelry of an aquatic car. rival; and the jostling of hundreds of boats in those desolate streets, the merry shouts, the passing jest, gave the impression of a merry crowd indulging in some favourite sport. Even the Pavilion, the headquarters of the relief committee, which had been successively the refuge of thousands who had become homeless, and at the time was the asylum of some hundred recpients of relief, seemed empty during the day. The main body was about, fighting the battle of life; and not until night would the ball

 be thronged with those who, having lost their all,

had no other refuge.

The Engraving below shows the steam-boat land. ing-place in Sacramento City on the Levee opposite K-street, at three o'clock on tie morning of the 24th of January last, on the arrival of the Antelope from San Francisco during the third flood. On page 323is aViewtakenatthecomer of L andPourthatreets, looking eastwards towards the pavilion of the

cultural Society, which was then the head-quarters

of the Howard Benevolent Society, and, as before

mentioned, the refuge of hundreds whose homesteads

were destroyed by the floods. The relief-host is shown going for orders from the committee. At the left of the picture are scows from the country bear.. tug farmers and their stock; whulatinthebackground may be seen the Bomati Catholic church and schools. Below it is given another view of the partial] submerged city-Sixth-street, between M end

streets, looking south, towards the great break lathe

B-street Levee, through which numbers of houses were swept by the violence of the floods.

The condition of things in Sacramento City after the second and immediately before the third flood is a San Fraaiaiz,o journal of the 14th of January Wt:---" This unfortunate city presented a sad picture when we arrived on Sunday night. Although they told us the water had lowered considerably still boats were plying from the Levee inwards tirough al the streets we could see. Yesterday morning the water had settled on Front-street, and some of the principal longitudinal streets-taking the line of the river as a diametrical one-were passable for short distances on muddy and slippery sidewalks. At the intersection of .1 and Second streets a piece of dry land was gradually rising from the surrounding waters. The water was falling fast, and it in very probable that before this tue some sort of foot navigation is possible through several of the main business streets. The general appearance of the city yesterday was one of gloom and dampness. A dank, fresh.flshy smell pervades
the atmosphere; and such houses as were open to

public view bore evident signs of inundation on the walls and slumgullicn' on the floors. The latter gave occupation to numberless men with brooms in their hands. Notwithstanding the great and severe

• loss of the people of Sacramento, their faces were not downcast. They seemed hopeful and sunshiny. Many were plying their brooms and tuning their voices at the same time; and not a few wore that genial expression which Lavater might translate to every-day minds by the cheerful, e, 'We may be happy yet."

he II of the floods on the city is detailed in a

number of the Sacramento Bee published after the third flood. It says:-" Many lots and blocks of land in this city have been much elevated by deposits left by the flood. In the eastern portion whole blocks have been covered to the depth of four to sight feet with sandy soil, so that the eaves of one-story houses and outhouses are on a level with, the new-made soil. The east Levee in the vicinity of the Fort has secured a backing which no press of we= can breakthrough. In some young orchards the tree-tops just peep above the soil, while elsewhere the vines are all under. The it-street Levee is a total wreck for its entire length, there being in many places no semblance of it left, and the east Levee 38 not in much better condition. Babel's tannery property and his dwelling seem to be secured against the current of the American. A great sandbar, very nearly as high as the natural surface of the bank, has been formed in front of his property, which directs the current from him and forces it to strike the bank lower down, where the break is through which the steamer Gem was carried by the force of the water. Re has secured a permanent and most substantial bulkhead at that point."

 Meanwhile - extracting from the catastrophe such comfort as we best can-it is certain that this dire calamity has called forth some of the best and loftiest feelings of human mature; so that one hardly knows which to admire moat

the fortitude of those who were the immediate sufferers, the ready, devoted courage of those who rushed to their rescue at the risk of their own lives, or the warm, untiring chaxit' of the community at large spared from the visitation, though not exempt from loss. Sacramento City has often been nearly destroyed by fire, yet has always been quickly restored and improved. So, it is to be hoped-a8, indeed all accounts unite in averring-that the State capital will are long lift its head above the floods and be re-established in more than it former greatness.

The United States' revenue steamer Schubric anchored in the stream near Rio Vista (of which we give an Engraving), was the rendezvous for the volunteer relief fleet of whale-boats and SCOWS searching for sufferers from the flood over the plains on each side of the Sacramento. A passenger On board the Nevada, which started from San Francisco on Jan. 12 with a large supply of baked meats, bread, and other provisions hastily collected for the immediate relief of the destitute sufferers of Sacramento, thus describes the some at Rio Vista: -'(For eon,e time before we reached this little town, numerous floating indications of the destruction above were visible on the water. Portions of houses, tables, chairs, fencing, and other dbria were hurrying along on the current; but until we reached Rio Vista the ==I ty of human misery was not presented to

Here was a whole town with the water reaching to the roofs of the one-story buildings. Many of them were careened over, and with sue exception of the second story of the principal building, deserted. A few hundred yards from the town, on a neck of land, were huddled together the major P 0' it water-bound inhabitants, together With as P.ch live'stock as could be hastily gathered together. Here, without shelter, cold, wet, and hungry, were they destined to await the falling of the waters." By subsequent accounts we learn that the few buildings at first spared by the floods have since been washed away, so that not a vestige of this late pleasant and prosperous village remains.
THE NAVAL REVOLUTION.

Is it indeed true that the naval supremacy of England has passed away like a mere unsubstantial exhalation under. the light of that memorable Saturday, March 8, 1862? An American journalist tells us this; but we may pardon the exulting boast when we remember the provocation. It was but a few weeks ago that English journalists of the highest character and position were complacently announcing that we should, in the event of war, at once sweep the seas of all American shipping. That prediction was a very wild and foolish one; let us inquire whether this new prediction is not equally groundless. And, first, suppose we review briefly the incidents of the late combat,

which is perhaps unexampled in history for the exciting interest f its details and for the inherent value of its lessons.

It was, then, on Saturday, the 8th of )rh last, that the persons who were on the outlook from the Federal fortress Monroe towards the Confederate Navy-yard and Arsenal of Norfolk saw coining towards an intermediate, point of land called Norfolk News the long-expected Confederate fleet, It consisted of two small iron-dad steamers, some gun-boats, and a strange-looking monster, with something like a sloping house-roof on its top, which the observers knew at once must be the famous Merrirnac. This had been a magnificent first-class frigate of between 8000 and 4000 tons, armed

with forty pieces of the most powerful artillery, and forming one of those new and most formidable ships which

•the Americans were so justly proud of. At the breaking out of

the war the Merrimac was partly burnt and tbeniunk by the

Federals, when they were obliged to leave Norfolk to the Confederates; who soon raised the coveted prize, and found her in

all essential respects uninjured. Remembering, then, the many experiments that had been made in Europe to show the value of iron armour fox ships, and. painfully conscious of their weakness at sea, they appear to have thought there was one grand opportunity opento them, and to have made use of itwith characteristic vigour arid skill. They built up over her deck, and down upon
'her sides, to below the water-line, a complete bomb. and, ball proof covering, formed of sloping pltes of railroad iron, 'three inches thick, and meeting at the top like the roof of a house, where was the only opening for ventilation. But o

testing this structure with columbiads they found the iron armour 'was only too easily penetrable. Again they docked the Merrimac, and again they heaped on more of the iron clothing, tiutti,' it 'was said (probably by the Confederates' themselves, and for obvious reasons), that she was so heavy that they could not launch her, and that 'she was in danger of, breaking her back. These and many similar rumours died away at last, when the hrexrimac was seen on the eventful Saturday coming forth to do the work she bad been so long preparing for, armed with two 100-pounder Armstrong guns (surely some member will ask in the House of Commons how these were obtained?) and eight 11.inch guns. But she had still more terrible weapons in the shape of I two great. sharp-pointed beaks at her bow, seven feet apart and level with the waterline, the uses of which were only too sown to become apparent to the doomed vessels of the watching Federal fleet. This consisted of two old sailing-frigates, the Cum. borland, twenty guns, and the Congress, forty guns, at Newport sews; and of three other frigates, the Boanoke, the Minnesota, and the St. Lawrence, at some little distance in the Hampton Roads. With quiet determination the Congress and Caniberlaud prepared for the fight; but they had scarcely begun to let loose their heavy broadsides against the Merrimac before they had one awful fact made clear to them-that their shot produced no effect whatever on the enemy, but glanced off from him, to use the expression of an actor in the scene, like hail from a tin roof. On the other hand, the shells from the Merrimac began to pour on both vessels with murderous effect.. There was little time allowed to' consider what it were best to do 'under such circumstances. The iron monster-wishing, perhaps, to test- her bodily strength on' the smaller of the two 'vessels first, -and serenely' regardless of the broadsides of. the heavier-passed the 'Congress as if forgetting her very existence, and ran, under a -full head of. steam, at the Cumberland. Awful indeed was the shock. The double beak went ploughing into the very entrails of the wooden ship, then withdrawing and going to the other side she again ran at her, and left her in a few minutes sinking-she and her crew of flye,jhundred men, who fought their guns to the last' possible minute, and left the beloved flag flying aloft even after the hull bad disappeared below the waves. Such heroism needs no comment but that silent one which it will receive from all true English hearts. Presently the Congress, whose guns were already disabled, and whose decks were covered with the dead and the dying, saw the terrible phenomenon advancing to strike her in the same way; and of course the captain did what it was his bounden duty to do-surrender. The officers were taken out as prisoners by a Confederate gun-boat, but the latter was eventually driven off by a fire from the Federal laud forts, and at night the vessel was blown up by some of. her own people.

 All this while the Boanoke, the St. Lawrence, and the Iffinne. sota had been trying to advaace to help their fellows. But the first, having a broken shaft, could only move by the aid of a tug,' and so got aground. The second seems also to have grounded immediately. The Minnesota drew nearer, but only to experience the same check. Arid thus immovable, deprived of all power to use her special advantages of speed and fitness for nranosuvres, the Minnesota was now exposed to the fire not only of the monstrous Merrimac but of several small gun-boats. But still she kept them off; and still the Merriniac seemed willing to be kept off; we now know why, she was afraid of grounding. And so night approached. Then the Confederate fleet withdrew, flushed with a conquest that must ring through the world, and assured that they would make an easy prey of the Minnesota on the morrow. And then? Why, then its Captain may have dreamed that be alone would be able to accomplish that which England and France, in American belief, wished but had not ventured to attempt-the raising of the whole blockade, by the successive destruction of the Federal ships wherever he could find them. That the dream might have proved only too true a foreshadowing of reality, all blew York, and Boston, arid Washington testified, as the first news reached those cities of the calamity and impending danger. But there was-to be a visitor to these

 .the return of 'the' iron-clad monster, as they gazed upon this new David that proposed to 'do battle with their dreadful Goliath. She had but two guns to cope with the Merrimac's twelve, and was scarcely a third of her size. Nevertheless, she immediately took 'up a position in front of the towering Minnesota, and there wvited in grim silence. Early on Sunday morning (and we are told the day opened in extreme beauty) the ifurrimác appeared, and began to fire as she approached on the Minnesota. But what is this queer-looking little craft that: she sees coming out before her right in her. path,' not unlike a gigantic round black hat, with a very elongated brim, tapering almost to a point before and' behind, floating on the water? The Merrirnac is not left long in doubt. 'There is a double flash, a terrible boom, and she feels herself struck with solid double shot that make the whole frame of the"monster quiver: no wonder, when we know that each shot sent by-that small stranger weighed' one hundred and seventy pounds, or, together, three hundred and forty I The Merrimac knows well enough now that she has her work to do, and she tries to do it. But the lesson she has taught to others is now commended to her own ups. The little Monitor laughs at her. Armstrongs and her 11-in. guns, arid begins coolly to pace round her, studying as she goes how to plant her every blow in the most promisingly. vulnerable place. All the oilier vessels suspend operations to gaze on this novel and ever-to-beremembered conflict. Now and then one of those on the Federal side receives a damaging shot from the Merrirnac, as though the Goliath, in her rage that she cannot hurt the agile enemy before her, finds solace in an occasional blow at something that may be harmed. But, if the Merrimac cannot hurt the Monitor by her shot, she may board and possibly take her. The boarders get on to those flat, wave-washed decks, and find nothing to attack, nowhere to go. The floor of apparently continuous iron is impenetrable. If they could get onto the top. of that cupola, nine feet high, of smooth iron, they might find an entrance perhaps, but the prospect is not inviting. ' While they hesitate they see the cupola revolve: another moment a gnu will open on them with grape. They decline further, parley, and disappear. Bat cannot the Merrimnac run the 'vixen down? She tries; but her prow' glides over, 'and is cut by 'the sharp edge of the unmanageable little craft'; and the guns of tbe latter take advantage of that very moment, and the close proximity, to pour in their 'staggering shoes. 'What then can the Merrimac do? A man looks forth, perhaps to obtain some iformation for the captain, and is instantly cut in two by the Monitor's guns, which are as accurately pointed as they are awful in their strength. At last the Merriruac receives a hint as to what she must do-retreat; for those tremendous shots are penetrating at last; she is, in fact, so much hurt that she limps at the stern, and has to call her consorts to her aid to take her out of the way-back under the protection of her own forts. And so ended the first fight between iron ships of war, of which history will have to take note.

 And how is this wonderful little vessel framed which has thus proved herself so perfect in all points-cheapness of cost, rapidity of construction, impregnability for defence, and unrivalled power for attack.? And on this last matter we must note that Captain Ericsson says she could have certainly destroyed the Merrimac if she had kept her guns quite level, and if she had been permitted to fire wrought-iron shot which were on board, but had been forbidden by Captain Dahigren, who was afraid to put his truly magnificent ordnance to too great a trial. The Monitor, then, is simply a flat-bottomed wooden vessel, wide in the middle and narrowing towards the cads, forming a kind of elongated oval, over which has been laid a thick flat iron cover, with sides dipping into the water. In battle these sides show only a surface of 12im to 2Oin. high. On the centre of the vessel rises a vast circular pillar or cupola, measuring 64ft. round, and built of eight several thicknesses of inch-iron, fastened by screws inside, so that the plates, if loosened, are readily tightened again; and the joinings so arranged that no two can anywhere be struck at once by the same shot. This cupola contains the two Dabigren guns, and moves round with them, at the pleasure of the director, by steam power. The only other things visible on deck during engagement are the covered top - of the chimney, which has been previously
find them. That the dream might have proved only too true a fore

shadowing of reality, all New York, and Boston, and Washington testified, as the first news reached those cities of the calamity and impending danger, But there was to be a visitor to these blood-stained waters the same evening that would altogether change the fortunes of that tomorrow, and send yet a new, and to Confederate vision unlocked-for, experience among the later news to the Northern cities and to Europe. Some months previously a Swedish engineer, already highly esteemed for his various inven. tions, had, though with some difficulty, persuaded the Federal Government to allow him to build a small floating and seagoing battery, and had made himself, or his friends, pecuniarily responsible for its success. It was begun in October, launched by New Yeax's.Day, and completely finished in ten days after And we beg our readers to note the time as well as the cost involved-sixty thousand pounds. That was all, and that sum was not secured till success was certain. Thus' do they do-some things in America. The inventor called it the Monitor, in order, as he says, to admonish the South of the fate of their rebellion. :England. of it fading naval supremacy, and the English Government of the folly of spending millions in fixed fortificatios for defence. Probably the vey attention we shall pay to the last of Captain Ericsson's lessons 'will enable us to take care that his second lesson shall fall pointlessly.

It was this vessel which, by one of those wonderful coinci-

 dences 'which the American nation may well believe Providential, came unexpectedly to Fort Monroe on the evening of the day that had witnessed the Federal defeat. We know, indeed, from the diary of one who was on board, that the crew of the Monitor heard the cannonading as they approached. We may imagine 'what must have been the emotions of hope and fear experienced by General Wool at Monroe, and by the crew of the apparently doomed Minnesota, vho waited the whole night in hourly expectation of

cupola contains the two Dahlgren guns, and moves round with them, at the pleasure of the director, by steam power. The only other things visible on deck during engagement are the covered top of the chimney, which has been previously sent down below, telescope fashion, and the small pilot-box at the stern, which, though of enormous strength, was injured by the Merrimac, and was the only part of the Monitor she

did injure. Between the pilot-box and the cupola the com-munications- are so admirably arranged that the exact effects of every shot are reported instantly to the head of the men at the guns. All the crew, with the exception of these men, sixteen in number, are kept below during battle. We need only add that the Monitor's speed is not great; it is said only about six knots an hour; that her extreme draught of water is only lOft.; and that she promises to be a good seagoing boat when certain defects, meiely of minor details, are remedied.

And now what is the first effect of this news upon, English

interests? Why, just this, as the Danes admirably puts it

Whereas we had available for immediate purposes 149 firstclass war ships, we have now two, these two being the Warrior and hersister lronside, Thereis not now a ship inthe English Navy apart from these two, that it would not be madness to trust to an engagement with that little Monitor. We are not sure, indeed, that the case is not worse than the Tinier believes. Is the Warrior itself a match for the Monitor? It is useless now to talk of speed or magnificence; We don't want our war ships to run away successfully, or to be looked at admiringly, but to fight. How would the Monitor deal with the Warrior? The gnus of the first send shot of lYOlb.; the guns of the second, shots of lOOlb. ; t1o very shot that this Msrrinusc fired so nselessly. Again, the Monitor is practically invulnerable to existing artillery: is the Warrior the same? Why, both her extremities are of wood, and would be blazing in ten minutes, and every man in those parts be destroyed.
But the question-and it is one of such solemn import as

England, through all her momentous history, has rarely had to decide upon-now is, what shall we do? We must act, and set. instantly. There is no time now for any more scientific "expe. riments," or for red tape to be indulged with its usual hesita. tions and mental difficulties. We are actually without a war fleet. We shall be outstripped to a certainty by America, and possibly by France, if we do not move at once. Already-America is preparing to finish her Stevens battery, which promises. to 4. to the Monitor 's'at that was tothe htcrrimac, only wibh.all the material proportions reversed, so that it will be probably. equivalent to many Monitors, with a speed of twenty miles an hour instead of seven. A gigantic ram ía also to be constrCCted; and, lastly above two millions and a half of money are to i. expended on a fleet of ordinary iron ships.

What, then, ought we to do? If while endeavouring to

answer that question we could hope to obtain the ear of any man in authority we would say to him with deep earnestness; this :-Oea.se the erection of all seaboard fortifications for the present, at least, and spend the money allotted for them in cutting down our most poweiful battleships, covering their lowered hulls with iron, building cupolas upon the; anti, arming these cupolas with guns that, how&ver few in number, will carry shot at least as heavy as the Dahigren of 1701b.. Treat Captain Oules as our cousins are treating captain, Ericsson-that is, put the right man into the right place, and give him hearty support when there. Then, for the future, offer attention and a eward to other men of inventive genius, who can improve upon the best existing models; for we mar depend upon it that we are now entering upon a race in which success will no longer be achieved by wealth or material

resources, under merely ordinary conditions of skilful develop.-went, but that skill, science, and individual energy will only moderate means to obtain the greatest triumphs. But what Englialulian an doubt that in such a straggle we shall at least hold our own? What Englishman will doubt but that if wisely and promptly used, our existing naval wealth may in a. very short time be again fully realised under altered conditions, and so that whatever there may have been of soundness and justice in the idea of English supremacy on the seas shall be again ours? But let it not he said by history, as it has already been suggested in Parliament-it is harder to work a conversion in our Government than among our ships.
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the City of Washington we are in receipt of telegrams from New York to the 22nd ult.

ELIIGREIT OPEJt ATIO1S BY SEA AND LAND.

The Merriinac has not made her reappearance in Hampton Roads, where the Monitor (whose late commander, Lient. Worden, is now totally blind with smell hopes of recovering his eight) patiently awaits her advent.

General Buruside has captured Newbem, on the coast of North

Carolina. He reports as follows

By this victory we have captured eight batteries, oontalning forty-six heavy

giuls; three batteries of light artillery, making in all sixty-four guns; two

steam-boats, a large quantity of ammunition, rosin, turpentine, and cotton, and over 201) prisoners. The Federal lees will amount to ninety-one killed and 466 wounded, many of them mortally. The rebel loss was savers, but not so great as the Federal loss, they being eectually covered by their works.

The report that Mr. Yancey had been captured in a vessel trying to

rim the blockade lacks confirmation.

On land the Confederates have taken up a line of defence south of the flappahennock, with their centre resting on Gordonaville, the junction of the Virginia Central and Virginia and Tennessee Railroads. Although little or no news concerning pending operations transpires, it is certain that a large portion of the Federal army s embarking at Alexandria for the probable purpose of advancing on Richmond by way of Fortress Monroe and James River. General M'Clellan has issued a florid address to his soldiers, promising to take them to a field of action where a decisive battle can be fought.'

 General Banks's corps-d'arme has occupied Strasburg without

opposition.

From General Buell's army in Tennescee there is no news of impor

tance. A correspondent of a New York journal writes thus of the

attitude of the citizens of Nashville

The appearance of Nashville reminds one vividly of the towns and cities in

Igorthern Italy after the triumph of the Austrians over the revolution of 1848 Most of the stores continue closed. But few male and fewer female mba bitants are visible upon the streets; victorious soldiery alone enliven them Bali the private residences are deserted and add further gloom to the aspec.

I their closed doors and window-shutten and graTelike stillness. Altogether, il.shville looks much more like a conquered than a liberated city.

The Governors of Mississippi and Louisiana have issued calls for 15,000 more troops, whom General Beauregard will accept at Jackson in the former State,

Island No. loin the channel of theMlasissipp'has been the scene of a hot engagement between the defending Confederates and the betieging Federals. Commencing the bombardment on the 17th, after five days' bombardment by the Federalsunder Commodore Foote, the aasailantareportthatno decisivereault has been obtained, aithoughalithe guns onthe upper batteryon theKentucky sideof the river have been silenced, and one gun on the island dismounted.

According to the official report of General Pope the success of the

Federal arms at New Madrid is greater than was at first reported. AU the artillery, several thousands of smailarms, ammunition, cartridge. boxes, three hundred mules, several thousand tents, and 1,000,000 dollars' worth of other property fell into his hands. The men ascaped during a heavy thunderstorm. They left behind them even their knapsacks and the baggage of their officers. The Federal loss was about filEy wounded. New Madrid was the last place held in Missouri by the Confederates.

MIScELLA1qEouS.

The proceedings of Coness have not been important. The Judiciary Committee of the Senate report favourably on the resolution offering the Senate's co-operation with President Lincoln's offer of emancipation by pw"cbaae to the slaveowners of the Border States.

Mr. Wendell Phillips, the Abolitionist leader, has delivered a lecture on slavery and the war in the hail of the Smithsonian Institute, Washington. The President was not present; but many members of Congress were. He was received on the floor of the Senate, being introduced there by Senator Sumner; and he afterwards addressed a

Massachusetts regiment stationed at Alexandria. The New York merchants are getting up a eubsoription for a testimonial to CaptainBricason, the architect of the steam-battery Monitor. A letter he has written to Mr. Bpes Sargent, of baton, illustrates the moral which the Federals are drawing from the achievements of the Monitor

My dear Ssrgeut,-I accept with great pleasure your congratulations, and

assure you that every exertion will be made on my part to furnish the nation

suabl us 'o' dely or' t'me e ~e

V'th war easels ea, *1'

nte d a very h

's" g R~-bli_ f

@ on d

an cral _- I I a's ali

r

t V tacen

d toth-Po arof d  the

.7 the at It cold be fr. pr ly pp it so. Iry

Eli make 7e

J. llriosSoi.
'THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON- NEWS.

&OJIDON, SATURDAY, APRIL 5,1862.

TE news from America is of a strange and perplexing kind. The sudden and grand movement of the army of the Potomac was an event in the war, and it excited the utmost interest all over the North. The details of the breaking up and onward march were truly spirit-stirring. It is true that the enemy did not wait to receive General M'Cllellañ, but completed a masterly retreat which left nothing but the soil and some abandoned fortifications to the Federals. On this account the young General has been severely attacked by a party in the North, though how he could prevent his enemy running away it is difficult to under. stand. We are sorry, too, to observe that such attacks proceeded from the Abolitionists, who have chosen to regard. the General as a friend to the domestic institution, though, so far as we can learn, he seems to have adhered to the duty of a soldier, and. to have known nothing except that there were enemies to be cinched. But the army moved, and a somewhat grandiose proclamation was put forth by General M'OleUan, inviting his men to follow him to their graves, if necessary, but not to wonder at any strange action of his, warning them that they had no light task before them, for that their enemies were brave men, and adding, "God smiles on us." The next news is that the hideous mud of the invaded country has made it impossible for the Federals to march; that their ranks are thinned, to a remarkable extent, by desertion, drunkenness, and death; and that their Commander is compelled to devise another route for them, by water, which seems to promis better, but which was by no means in the original programme. Beyond this very unsatisfactory reprt, and the statement that one of the Mississippi islands is being stoutly held by the South, while another victory of some magnitude has been gained by the Burnside expedition, there is little definite news; and it is not worth while subjecting to the crucible the heap of rumours which we receive touching the want of confidence in M'CIeUan, the reasons for the again confiding the command to the "tainted" Kremont, and the rest of the points which the American press-now far more sternly bound down by authority than the press in Frsnce.-rsises for the amusement of those for whom war news must not be provided.
MB. GEORGE PEABODY.

Tins gentleman, whose munificant act is now the theme of c)mm'Zt diecoune throughout the land, and whose Portrait h given on page 335, is a native of Danvers, Massachusetts, where he was burn Feb. 18, 1795. He is the sixth in descent from Francis Peaboiy, who, at the age of twenty-one, and in the year 1635, went to New England from St. Albans, Herts. He died, in 1698, the father of fourteen children, of whom six were sons. His name is now a common one in Masse. ohusette. The parents of the subject of this brief memoir were not. blessed with any superfluity of means, and the future merchant prince of both worlds gained all the scholastic education, he ever acquired at the district common chool of his native tiwn. At the early, age of eleven he was placed in a grocer's store in Denvers, where he remained four years. At the age of sixteen the youth was in-vital to help an elder brother in a dry-goods business in Newbnryport, then, as now, one of the principal seaport towns of Massachusetts. His brother was soon "burnt out" in the conflagration still known to local fame as the great fire of Newburyport. In May, 1812 his uncle started a dry-goods bueiness in Georgetown, in the district of dolumbia, and called upon his nephew to join him. The management of the business devolved upon the younger relative. But for a time the pressing demands of patriotism made themselves heard above those of business. The war of 1812 had broken out, and George Peabody joined a volunteer company of athll formed at Georgetown, and found himself on active duty at Port W arburton. Happily, no engagement tookplace, and the volunteer soon returned to the more congenial and more profitable pursuits of peace. Re remained, with his uncle two years. The business was not promising, and he reluctantly withdrew from it.

 There was one man, however, who had noticed the remarkable ability and activity of young George Peabody, and who judged that in him the capitalist would gain a desirable coadjutor. This man was Mr. Elisha Riggs. Mr. Riggs proposed to find the capital to establish a dry goods business which young Peabody was to manage. The dis. covery that the latter was only nineteen years of age did not make Mr. Riggs waver. And now Mr. Peabody may be said to have entered that channel which led directly to his great success in life. In 1815 the house was removed to Baltimore; and in 1822 the extension of its operations justified the establishment of branches in Philadelphia and New York. In 1829 Mr. Elisha Riggs retired, and Mr. Peabody became senior partner.

About this time Mr. Peabody began to 'visit Europe. On more than one occasion he was charged with important financial negotia. tions for the State of Maryland. For his gratuitous services to the State the General Assembly passed a vote of than'rs t their generous agent and representative. Early in 1837 he took up his abode in London. He had not been in London long when the financial crash of 1837 occurred, which prostrated American credit in England. Mr. Peabody's optimist 'views of the elastic resources of his native country, sound though they were were received with sceptiniant in the City, but established for him a solid title to the gratitude of the American world of commerce. In 1843 Mr. Peabody retired from the firm of Peabody, Riggs, and Co., and established the moneydealing house of George Peabody and Co., of which he is still tee efficient and active head. In this business he became a millionaire. His biographer, in Hunts Merchants' Magazine, to whom we owe the principal facts in the above sketch, thus enumerates the qualities which have contributed to this result :-" A. judgment quick and cautioa, and clear and sound; a decided purpose, a firm will, energetic and persevering industry; punctuality and fidelity in every engagemeots justice and honour controlling every transaction; and courtesy-that true courtesy which springs from genuine kindness-presiding over all the intercourse of life."

 Mr. Peabody's career has another aspect beside the financial. His position as a merchant has served only as a foil to display him in the character of a humanitarian. The Anglo-American merchant, though no professional politician, early perceived that his postion would. enable him to act as a link between the English and American People. His Fourth of July dinners, where pbilo-American English and philoEuglithAmerican gentlemensatroundthesametable and, made an annual demonstration of international fraternity in the eyes of the two worlds, constitute an event in the history of the relations of the two kindred. but alas! too often alienated, nations. These dinners were discontinued only when there was a body of American residents who were ready to take the good work out of Mr. Peabody's hands.

Mr. Peabody is not encumbered with family ties; he is a bac'ielor; his collateral relations, some of whom he supported when he was a very young man, have long since ceased to need help from him. Of the copious stream of private benefactions which he dispensed to needy Americans in England we can speak only from general repute, bat the monuments of his public beneficence are, or soon will be (we may almost say), scattered over the world. To hi native town he has given about lO0,000dol. to found a library and lecture fund. The Peabody Institute of Danvers is now in active operation. To the citizens of Baltimore-the city where he spent more than twenty years of his business life, and where he gained. that standing which was the source of his success in London-he gave, in 1857, the sum of 500,001) dollars to found an institute in that wealthy but heretofore unlettered city, which should embrace a free library, a fund to pay for lentures to which certain classes were to have free admission, an academy of music, a gallery of art, and premises for the accommodation of the Maryland Historical Society. The opening of this institution has been retarded by the war in America, which has brought upon Baltimore the inconveniences of a military occupation. His last public benefaction, that of £150,000 for the benefi of the poor of London, differing in kind as it does from those which he has bestowed upon his native country, surpasses them all in magnitude. It has long been the praiseworthy fashion of American millionaires, after providing amply for their families, if they have any, to found with the bulk of their wealth some public institution, proinotive of the intellectual or physical welfare of their fellow-citizens. Thus, New Orleans has had. her M'Donogh, Philadelphia her Stephen G'irard, Boston her John Lowell and Abbott Lawrence, Oswego her Gerxitt Smith, New York her John Jacob and William B. Astor and her Peter Cooper, and Baltimore her George Peabody. The last has excelled all other American public benefactors, not alone in the extent out variety of his munificence, but especially in this reap act-that while they will be remembered by a grateful posterity in one branch only of the English-speaking race, the memory of our Anglo-American Macmuss will be an inheritance shared equally between Britain and.

,-s, rr ;+.,.s a,-,+,. ,.5.4 ,., +,, ,h.f 1.- , .-.s 4.,
MU1TFICENT GIFT TO THE LONDON P0011 Y MB.. PAB0DY. Oim columns last week contained the announcement of an extraordinary gift made to the poor of the metropolis by Mr. George Peabody, the well-known American banker in London, whose Portrait we have

0*at pleasure in giving. Mr. Adams, the American i.t. Lord Stanley, Sir J. Emerson Tennent, Mr. C). Iampson, and the donor's partner, Mr. Moxgan, are requested by Mr. Peabody to act in the capacity of trustees for the application of the fund (.fi150,000) which he proposes to devote to the amelioration of the condition of the London poor.. Mr. Peabody's letter to these gentlemen, announcg and slightly developing his plan, is as follows:

London, March 12, 1862.

Gentlemen,-In reference to the intention which it is the object of this letter to communicate, I am desirous to explain that from a comparatively early period of my commercial life I had resolved in my own mind that, should my labours be blessed with success, I would devote a portion of the property thus acquired to promote the intellectual, moral, and. physical welfare and comfort of my fellow-men, wherever, from circumstances or location, their claims upon me would be the strongest.

A kind Providence has continued me in prosperity,

and consequently, in furtherance of my resolution, I, in the year 1852, founded an institute and library for the benefit of the people of the place of my birth, in the town of Danvera, in the State. of Massachusetts, the result of which has proved in every respect most beneficial to the locality and gratifying to myself.

Alter an absence of twenty years I visited my

 native land in 1857, and founded in the city of Baltimore, in the State of Maryland (where more than twenty years of my business life had been passed), an institute upon a much more extended scale, devoted to science and the arts, with a free library, coinciding with the character of the institution. The corneratone was laid in 1858, and the building is now completed, but its dedication has been poatpuned in consequence of the unhappy sectional differences at pent prevailing in the United States.

It is now twenty-five years since I commenced my residence and business in London as a stranger.; but I didnot long feel myself " astranger " orina" strange land," for in all my commercial and social intercourse with my British friends during that long period I have constantly received courtesy, kindness, and confidence, Under a sense of gratitude for these blessings of a kind Providence, encouraged by early associations, and stimulated by my views as well of duty as of inclination, to follow the path which I had heretofore marked out for my guidance, I have been prompted for several years past repeatedly to state to some of my confidential friends my intention at no distant period, if my life was spared, to. make a donation for the benefit of the poor of London. Among those friends are three of the number to whom I have now the honour to address this letter. To my particular friend, 0, M. Lampoon, Esq., I first mentioned the subject five years ago. My next conversations in relation to it were held about three yews since with my esteemed friend Sir James Emerson Tennent, and with my partner, 3. S. Morgan, Esq. I also availed myself of opportunities to consult the Right Rev. Bishop M'Ilvaine, of Ohio, and with all these gentlemen I have since freely conversed upon the subject in away to confirm that original intention.

 My object being to ameliorate the condition of the poor and need

of this great metropolis, and to promote their comfort said happiness, take pleasure in apprising you that I have determined to transfer to you the sum of £150,000, which now stands available for this purose on the books of Messrs. George Peabody and Co., as you will am- by the accompanying correspondence.

mm, GEORGE £iSDUãJi, 10011 m it 000

I committing to you, in full confidence in your judgment, the administration of this fund, I cannot but feel grateful to you for the onerous duties you have so cheerfully undertaken to perform, and I sincerely hope and trust that the benevolent feelings that have prompted a devotion of so much of your valuable time will be appreciated not on)y by the present but future generations of the people of London.

I have few instructions to give, or conditions to impose, but there are

some fundamental principles from which itis my solemn injunction

that those intrueted with its application shall never, under any circumstances, depart.

First said foremost among them is the limitation of

its uses absolutely and exclusively to such purposes as may be calculated directly to ameliorate the condition and augment the comforts of the poor, who, either by birth or established residence, form a race nised portion of the population of London.

Secondly, it is my intention that now and for all time there shell be a rigid enclusionfrom the management of this fund of any influences calculated to impart to it a character either sectarian as regards religion, or exclusive in relation to local or party politico.

Tblrdly1in conformity with the foregoing conditions, it is ray won and intention that the sole pialiflcationa for a participation in the benefits of this fund shall be an ascertained and continued condition of life such as brings the individual within the description (in the. ordinary some of the word) of 11 the poor" of London, combined with moral character and good conduct as a member of aociet-. It must therefore be held to be a violation of my intentions if any duly qualified and deserving claimant were to be excluded either on the grounds of religious belief or of political bias.

 Without in the remotest degree desiring to limit your discretion in the selection of the most suitable means of giving effect to these objects, I may be permitted to throw out for your consideration, among the other projeota which will necessarily occupy your attention, whether it may not be found conducive to the conditions specified above for their ultimate realisation, and least likely to present difficulties on the grounds I have pointed out for avoidance, to apply the fund, or a portion of it, in the construction of such improved dwellings for the poor as may combine in the utmost possible degree the essentials of healthfulness, comfort, social enjoyment, and economy.  -

Preparatory to due provision being made for the

formal declaration of the trust, and for its future

management and appropriation, the sum of £150,000

will be at once transferred into your names and placed

at your disposal, for which purpose I reserve to myself full power and authority; but, as a portion of the money may probably not be required for some time to come to meet the legitimate purposes contemplated, I would suggest that, as early a possible after the organisation of the trust, £100,000 should be invested for the time being in your names, in Console or East India Stock; thus adding to the capital by means of the accruing interest; and the stock so purchased can be gradually sold out as the money is wan&d for the objects designated. Meantime, pending the preparation of a formal trust deed, you shall be under no responsibility whatever in respect of the fund, or its liweatment or disposition.

With these preliminary stipulations I coznniifi the fund to your management, and to that of such other persona as by a majority of your voices you may elect, giving you the power either, to add to your number, which I think should not at any time exceed nine, or to supply casual vacancies occurring in your body. It is my further desire that theUnited States' Minister in London for the time being should always, in virtue of the office, be a member of the trust, unless in 'the event of his signifying his inability to actin discharge of the duties.-I have the honour to be, gentlemen, yours very faithfully,  Gsortuei PBA.BODv.

Mr. Adams, Lord Stanley, Sir J. B, Torment, Messrs. Lampeon and Morgan have accpted the trust, and in their reply to Mx. Peabody justly remark '-' Whether we consider the purity of the motive, the magnitude of the gift, or the discrimination displayed in selecting the purposes to which it is to be applied, we cannot but feel that it 39 for the nation to appreciate, rather than for a few individuals to express their gratitude for, an act of beneficence which has few (if any) parallels in odern times."
THE CONFEDERATE ACCOUNT OF THE NAVAL

FIGHT IN HAMPTON ROADS.

IN the Confederate Congress, on the 10th ult., the following consmunication was received from the Executive, in respnnae to the resolution of Mr. Lyons calling for the report of the naval battle in Hampton Roads. The description diEcra, it will be seen, from the Federal account, especially as regards the result of the contest between the Merthnnc and the Monitor. It 'will be observed that the Merrimac is throughout called the Virginia, hawing been renamed by the Confideratee:

Confederate States' Steam-battery Virginia,

off Sewe.llle Point, March 8.

Flog Officer -In consequence of the wound of Flag-officer B,ochanan, it

becomes nay tuty to report that the 'Virginia loft the yard this morning at

eleven o'clock, steamed down the river past our batteries, and over to Newport

News, where we engaged the frigates Cumberland, and Congress and the

batteries ashore, and also two large steam-frigates, supposed to be the Rio

oaeeota and Roanoke, and a calling-frigate and several small steamers armed

with heavy tided guns. We sank the Ounoberland, and drove the Congress who, a, where she hauled down her colours and hoisted the white flag; but she fired upon us with the white flag flying, wounding Lieutenant Minor and some of our men. We again opened fire upon her, and she is now in :games, The -shoal water prevented our reaching the other frigates. This, with approaching night, we think, saved them from destruction. Our lose is two killed and' eight wounded. Two of our guns have the muzzles shot off; the prow was twisted, and armonc somewhat damaged; the anchor and all flsgstaffe shot away, and the smoke-stack and tteam-pipe were riddled. The bearing of officers and men 'was all that could be wished; and, In fact, it could not have been otherwise, after the noble and daring conduct of the flag officer, whose wound is deeply regretted by all on board, who would kindly have sacrificed themselves in erder to save him. We were accompanied from the yard by the Beaulorb, Lieutenant Parker, and Raleigh, Lieutenant Alexander; and as soon as It was discovered up the James River that the action had commenced we were

 clued by the Patrick Henry, Commander Tucker; the Jamestown, Lieutenant Barney; and the Teaser, Lieutenant Webb, all of 'which were actively engaged and rendered very efficient service. Buclosed I send the surgeons' report 01 gm casualties.

I have the honour to be, Sir, very respectfully, tour obedient servant,

CATESBT AP. B. JONES, Bx. and Ord. Officer. Flog Officer F. Forrest.

The following spiritedly-written account of the engagement is from

the NorfoTh 2) aybools of the 10th ult.:

rns BATTLE ON SATMDAT.

On the morning of the 8th the steam-frigate 'Virginia, flag-officer'Franklln Buchanan commanding, left her moorings at the dockyard, and, attended by the steam-tugs Beaufert, Lleutenant-Commanding Parker, and the Raleigh, Lieutenant-CommandIng Alexander, steamed down the harbour. It was a gallant eight to see the iron-clad leviathan gliding noiselessly through the seater, dying the red pennon- of her commander at the fore flagstaff and the gay Confederate ensign aft. Not the least impressive thought which she suggested was that her gallant crew, under a commander and officers worthy to direct their destiny and defend the dog she bore, went thus boldly with smiles and buzzes to solve a new problem in maritime warfareto make the "trial-trip" of the Virginia the trial of battle. Nor could any man behold the little tugs, with the gay ensigns at peak and masthead, their battle flags set, steaming in her wake, without an emotion of admiration for the brave men they thus bore and a prayhe for their deliverance. In the wake of all canoe the Port Admiral, with a stall of naval officers. Thus down the harbour, past the wharves, thronged with eager citizens, past the batteries, 'whose parapets were dark with soldiers, steamed the squadron. Through the two barricades, and then the Virginia put her helm a-starboard end took- the south channel. Meantime, t be morning wasaastill nethat ofaSabbath. Tlaetwofrigates lay with thelrbGets aethe booms and wsshclothe5 In the rigging. Did they see the long dark hull? Had they madeber out? Was it ignorance, apathy, or composure? These were the

 Zq "wous we dJocuased as we steamed across the flats to the south of the frigate,

ith the two gallant little gun-boats well on curetarboard beam, heading uptor the enemy. Our doubts were solved by the heavy boom of a gun from beyond SeweD's Point. The reverberation rolled across the sunlit water and died away; but still the clothes hung in the rigging, sun the boats lay at the booms. Another gun (1.20) broke on the air, and a tug started from Newport News, 'while at the same time two others left Old Point, taking the channel inside Hampton bar. Steadily, with a grim andonoinous silence, the Virginia glides through the water; steadily and with defiant valour the Beaufort and Raleigh follow 'where she leads. At 1.50 a rifled gun from ass of these little weasels rang out, then a 'white puff from bar consort. Still the clothes in the rigging and the boats at the boom. Was this confidence? It could not be ignorance. Did it moan torpedoes, submarine batteries, infernal machines? The gun-boats have fired again, and 101 here away to the eastward were the Bonoke and Minnesota, rising like prodigious castles above the placid water, the first under steam, the second in tow. Other puffs of smoke, other sharp reports from the gun-boats, but the Virginia goes on steadily, silently, to do her work. - Now the la-shore frigate, the Cumberland, fires; now the Virginia deco aboard, now Sewall'e Point Battery, now the Minnesota, now the Roanolce, now the air trembles with the cannonade. Now the Virginia delivers both broadsides, now she runs fall against the Cumberland's starboard bow, now the smoke clears away, and she appears to be heading up James River. This at- twentytwo minutes to two. The Congress now lets fall foretopsall end then the main, and so, with a tug alongside, starts down he north channel, 'where the Minnesota has grounded, and presently runs plump ashore. Meanwhile the Virginia opens upon the Yankee fort; slowly she steams back, and the Cumberland, sunk now to her 'white streak, opens upon her again. al. gallant man fought that ship-a man worthy to have maintained a better cause. inn after gun he fired; lower and lower sank his ship, his last discharge comes from his pivot-gun, the ship lurches to starboard, now to port, his flag streams out wildly, and now the Cumberland goes down on her beanacuds, at ones a monumont and an epitaph of the gallant men who fought her. The Virginia stops, is she aground? And the gun-boaisBalelgh and Beaaforb-glcrious Parker, glorious Alexander? There they are on the quarters of the Congress hammering away, and creeping n closer and closer sit the time. At ten minutes to four the Congress struck. Parker hauled down the ensign, run up his own battle-flag in its place. There the heroic Taylor, who fought the Fanny at Roauoke Island and BIIzabeth City, got his wound; there the gallant young Hatter fellen ahnt h the ,lnstar,le who rod from the akin and shore when the

that, notwithstanding the firing was munch heavier than on Saturday, there were no casualties in either of our weasels, not a man- being in the least injured by shots from the enemy or otherwise. Several of the enemy's gunboats being within range, they were favoured with a shell or two from'ths Virginia with telling effort, and in every ease disabling or sinking them. One of these lying alongside the Minnesota had a shell thrown aboard of her, which on bursting tore her asunder and sent her to the bottom. Raving oornplstsly riddled the Minnesota, and dieablei the St. Lawrence and Monitor, besides, as stated above, destroying several of the enemy's ga-boats,in a word, having accomplished all that they designed, and having no more material to work upon, our noble vessels left the scene of their triumphs and returned to the yard, where they await another opportunity of displaying their prowess.

[The Number of this Journal for Oct. 18, 1856, contains a page

Engraving of the Methmac previous to her conversion- into a steambattery.]
Elizabeth City, got his wound; there the gallant young Ratter fellall hob by the dastards who fired from the ship and shore when the white flag was flying at the main and oilier. of the Congress. Here, too, and In the earns way, flag-officer Buchanan and flag Lieutenant B. Minor were wounded. Now the James River gun-boats, whose dark smoke had been seen against the blue distance ever since three o'clock, come dashing along past the shore batteries, 'Pucker, the courtly and chivalrous, leading the van, with the

Zainestown, Lieutenant-Commanding Barney, clues aboard, and the little

Teaser, Lieutenant Webb, in her wake, like a bow-legged bulldog in chase of

the long, lean etaghounds. It was a gallant dash, and, once past the

batteries, the two heavy vessels took position in line of battle, while the Tenser flashed at the Minnesota, looking no larger then a ookboat. And right well she maintained the honour of her flag and the appropriateness of her name. Now the Itoanoke puts her helm up end, declines the battle. Now the Virginia is thundering away again, the Tearer still closer in. We are closer inten comes a shell ahead; presently another astern; flashy a third, with a clear, sharp whizz, just over head, to the great delight of the Commodore, 'who appreciated the compliment of these good shots, which were the last of six directed shots at the Harmony. Now the schooner Reindeer comes foaming along, cut out from under the shore batteries; she reports, and is sent up in charge 01: Acting Master Gibbs; and next the gallant Beo.etforb runs down. Parker steps and brings on board the great piece of bunting we saw hauled, down just now. He brings also some thirty prisoners and some wounded men -men wounded, under that white flag yonder desecrated by the Yankees. One of these lies stretched out decently covered over, gasping his life on the docka Yankee shot through the head, all bloody and ghastly, killed by the Inhuman fire of his own people. Another pale and stern, the captain of the Beaufort's gun, lies there too, a noble specimen of a man, who has since gone where the weary are at teat. A gallant man, a brave seaman I We shake hands with Parker; he gets back to his vessel slightly wounded, as is Alexander also, and steams back gallantly to the fight. The Patrick Henry, the Jamestown, the Teaser, the Beaufort, the Raleigh, and the grand old Virginia, are thundering away. We steam down and speak the We hear a report of casualties; we shake hands with friends; we shove off, cheer ,anfl steam towards the Swash Channel. Presently, through the thickening gloom, we see a rod glare; it grows larger,

 andbrighter,

and fuller and redder. It creeps higher and higher, and now gun after gun booming on the still night, as the fire reaches thorn; the batteries of the Congress are discharged across the water in harmless thunder. It wee a grand sight to see, and by the light of the burning ship we made our way back to Norfolk. At half-past eleven the act of retribution was complete, for at that hour, with a great noise, she blew up.

ME BATTLID ON SUNDAY.

Some detention occurred on board the Virginia on Sunday morning, we

learn, or she would have commenced the engagement moult earlier than half

past eight o'clock, at which time she, together with the Patrick Henry and Jamestown said our other gun-boats, opened fire on the Minnesota, which still lies hard and fast aground. The tide being at the ebb, the Virginia did not take the channel where the Minnesota lay, probably. for fear of grounding,

but, getting within is good range of her, she opened fire with terrific effect, completely riddling her, end, rendering constant exertion at the pump necessary to prevent her from filling. Early in the morning the Ericsson battery, now called the Monitor, was discovered off Newport News Point, she having gene uttloere during tIle night. A sharp encounter soon took place between her and the vlrglnla,durtagwhichtjmethey'we frequently not morethanthirbyor forty yards apart. Thtlortunately the Virginia ran aground, and the 1:lricsson, teeing her advantage, poured shot sitet shoe into her, but without doing any serious damage. In a short while, however, the 'Virginia succeeded in getting off, and, putting on a full head of steam, ran her bow into the Ericsson, doing her, as it is thought, greet damage. We are rejoiced to say
-1---

ENGLISH MM "ERICAX IRON-CASED SHIPS.

At the meeting of the Institution of Naval iroleiteole-hold on Thursdty

week, under the presidency of Sir John Paklugton-the secretary, Mr. If. J. Reed, announced that he had received a letter from the lion. Captain Cochrano, in command of her Majesty's steamer Warrior, accompanied by & chart or diagram of a perfectly novel kind, in which what might be called a complete scientific record of that vessel's voyage to Lisbon and Gibraltar and home again was set forth. From Mr. Reed's explanatory statement It appeared that the Warrior rolled or lurched worst on the 24th of January, when entering the Bay of Biscay, where she met with exceedingly heavy rollers nearly abeam, and a head- sea. The greatest angle through which she lurched on that day was 89 deg, measured from the extremes. This was at seven o'clock in the morning, and she continued to larch through angles exceeding 50 deg. at intervals until twelve o'clock, the rolls being measured in all cases by a clinometer placed 2011. GIm before the foremost slernpost, and 3f t. 61n below the upper deck. It was even stated by some on board that the ship inclined three several times, on this 24th of January, through angles exceeding 39 deg.; but the correctness of the observations in these oases is doubted. On the homeward voyage no such extreme rolling was experienced, the greatest inclinations then attained being 17 deg to port and S deg. to starboard on one occasion, and 10 dog. to pert, and 15 dog. to starboard on another. It should be observed, however, that the time of rolling-taking the worst days on the outward and homeward voyages respectively for comparison-did not vary greatly, the average osculation. befog, in the former case, 6'S per minute, and in the latter 62.5. The average number during the whole outward voyage was 6; daring the homeward, 417. Even when unassisted by her sails, the good ship several times approximated. towards the speed produced at the measured mile, which was 14,35 haste. On leaving Lisbon for Gibraltar, for example, with all sails furled, she ran at more than 10 knots for nearly a day, and part of the time actually exceeded 14 knots. In his letter to the secretary Captain Coclirane says:-' I cannot refrain from taking this opportunity of mentioning that the Warrior behaved nobly in the severe gales and heavy sea she encountered, and that on her, return to England she had sustained no damage, and was perfectly ready to proceed on active service to any part of the world." Sir J. Paktngton road a letter, handed to him by a friend and written by Commander Tryoa, of the Warrior, in which the ship was spoken of in the highest terms. Six .1. 0. 0. Hay, M.P., chairman of the Iron-Plato Committee, in the course of hisrernarks upon ships' armour, stated that the report of the committee was now in the printers' hands, but that no satisfactory conclusion had been reeched as the best suede of attaching the armour to the ship's sides. e stated, however, that the committee were persuaded that what is called angulated sides peesessed no real advantages as compared with the usual upright sides, when all

the circumstances of the case were considered.

At the evening meeting of the institution Mr. John Laird, M.P., presided; and, after giving a general description of the Merrimac and Monitor, and exhibiting drawings of these vessels, he read an extract 6 rom private letter which he had received from a reliable friend at New York to the following eftect :-" The success of the Rodman gnu has indaoeii our overnineiit to try experiments on a scale still larger, and they are about constructing grins of 20 mckee bore, throwing shot of l000lb., which, it is thought, will crush In the

 - side of any iron-plated ship, no matter what the thickness of the plates. The little Monitor iron-plated gun-boat, with revolving tower, bselt by Ericsson, has proved a great success, and withstood a storm of shot and shell for sl

hours from guns of very heavy calibre. I am quite satieSsri that gun-boats

will be of more service than large ships with iron sides. We are making rapid

progress in building up a navy effective and not expensive. Itie the lotsntien to make our power on the ocean equal to that of any other nation, and then we are sure of peace from all parties?'

IRON-GLAD SHIPS VERSUS rowipicArrozrs.

Captain Coles the inventor of the "shield-ship " (One of the most Important

features of whici was pirated by Captain lricsson in constructing the Monitor for the Federal Government), writes to the Times:-" This action (Newport's News) has proved every weed that I wrote advocating an organised coast defence (or patrol) of iron-cased ships, in lieu of immovable forte, which ships, If ever we possess them, must not permit a vessel to come near our ports, but must grapple with and arrest her as the Monitor did the Merrimif. I Will, therefore, merely draw your attention to the late Admiral Sir ii. S. Dnndas a letter to the Royal Commissioners, wherein he shows that for the estimated expense (L840,000) of these three forte at Spithead, twenty of our screw and ;ow useless line-of-battle ships could be converted into most eMolent Iron blcckslsipe. I can convert into a shield-ship any of those screw line-ofbattle

' ships. She shall be practically invulnerable, and she shall carry abroadsido, I according to her tonnage, of from twelve to fourteen gnus, 110 or 68-pounders; if 300-pounders are brought into use, she shall carry a broadside of from dye to six of them, and that these ships shall work those heavy guns where the

WIL

arrior and such-like vessels dare not open their ports. Let me again ask if a coast patrol, as I propose, of these converted vessels, with others carrying from two guns up to twelve would not give this country snore security than these forts, which are estimated at million', but may cost any amount before completed, and then only servo as unmistakable beacons for the enemy 5 ironclad ships to pass between ?"

Mr. Ford, of the Thames Ironworks Company, also writes to the Tim"

The exploits of the Merriuiao having fully demonstrated that a vessel of star,

capable of using her prow as a means of offence, is a much more formidable

l opponent to the enemy than an ordinary vessel, which is net bath with a I running-clown stern, it will doubtless be satisfactory to the public to know that our noble ship the Warrior, although now presenting the graceful outline end appearance of a gigantic yacht, is go constructed that, al the cost of a f!w hundred pounds, she may be converted into an irresistible ran, folly capable of running down any number of wooden ships without injury to herself. It is only necessary to take away the overhanging crit%Vter, figureheed, &c., when a atom of gigantic proportions and enormous strength, forgsd

s and fitted with this object, will make its appearance, and to this the bowplates

con be easily connected. The Rerrimac, being a wooden vessel, received such considerable injury to her bow, in running down arid sinking the Canberlend, as to oblige her to go into dock for repairs; but there are 51 inlay exarnles of iron tegels, with stems vastly inferior in strength to the Warrior, running down other ships, without receiving any injury, that ne each neal be enter

S mined on her account."
