at the outset of what they naturally regarded as rebellion in the

South, seized the occasion for declaring that innoPossible i50

Of events could they allow themselves to he again entangled in a system condemned alike by man and by God-bad they publicly recognised, as they might well have done, Secession as the inevitable ggtrlbntio of their own complicity in a system which their Consciences denounced as evil, and; on that reOOgr,isiee, washed their hands of all future participation in this

word or deed bacsisg open it the stamp of authority, done homage, oven by a late and enforced repentance, to the essential Christian truths and principles: open which slavery had ruthlessly trampled, and not without their consent and had they, in distinct defereeco to the claims of morality and religien,iaseribeul opon their banners a motto to the effect that the sell of the United States sitcoM thenceforward be consecrated to freedom alone, the whole world would have sympathised with, even if it could not have approved, their efforts to recover dominion over the seceded half of the empire. It is clear, however, that the commercial profits of denthorn slavery were far tee highly appreciated by the North to admit of its offering them up open the sitar of

justice at the behest of conscience. The President's • pro-clamation, interpreted as an expression of the national well, is

a sacrifice (if sacrifice that may be called in which the thing given up is already- beyond reach) to political passion rather than to reason and religion; and, whatever may be its ultimate West, we can only welcome it for what it is, not for the spirit

 pad temper of which it is the symbol.

Considered as a politico-strategical movement the pro

cliocetion will scarcely, we imagine, be found to answer the purpose which it was issued to effect. That it will net be operative beyond the frontier which may be held by the Federal armies on the list of January, 1303, is rendered more than probable bythe significant teaching of almost all the facts that have any hearing on the ease. Explain the matter as we will, whether as the result of the brutal ignorance in which they have been kept, the terrorism exercised ever them, or the depravation of spirit which slavery, as a social system, necessarily produces, it has been demonstrated that hitherto the slaves themselves have not displayed the eagerness which might have been anticipated to a-nab towards the few doors which the army orders of some commanders, or the fortune of war in some localities, have opened for their escape. We fear that so long as a powerful Confederate army is afoot the document will he a dead letter in the Southern States, serving no purpose hot that of confirming the resolution of the white population to listen to no terms short of final separation from the Union. It will be interpreted as a throat, and a threat is always impolitic unless when there exists behind it adequate force to carry it into execution. It is more likely to he read by the South as a signal of Federal weakness than as a warning of coming judgment; and we are by no mean,; sure that it will not do more to help Jefferson Davis than Abraham Lincoln. It will certainly unite all pasties in the South, end infuse new rigour into their determination to he independent, and probably withontrousing any proportionate enthusiasm in the Worth. There, instead of binding all classes moore closely together and armiaj the Government with increased moral authority, it seams better fitted to widen the breach between the Republicans and the Democrats, and to stimulate the desire of the mercantile and moneyed magnates to close the contest as speedily as possible. Store the step has been taken, and cannot be retraced, we should. be glad to discover in it some promise of success. We own, however, to a fear lest the Presidential proclamation, besides marring, to some extent, the moral aspects of emancipation, will entail upon it the imputation-the heaviest which in these utilitarian days can be fastened upon it-of being responsible for a great practical failure.

 The foregoing considerations would have had some weight with us even if the declaration of Mr. Lincoln's proclamation had been enacted in doe form by Congress. As an embodiment of the supreme legislative authority of the Union it would have been open to cavil as a violation of fundamental constitutional law. But as a were decree of the Executive it can have no permanent validity, and there are, doubtless, hundreds of thousands of intelligent Americans who, earnestly as they may approve the object sought to be realised, will dis. cern in the means resorted to for attaining it a frightful

- danger to free institutions. The man who thus assumes to sat aside for ever one of the bases of the Federal Constitution may hereafter, upon equally ca-gent pretexts, bring the same despotism to bear upon all. He becomes, thenceforth, an ants. crat, not merely in the direction of the war but in the determination of future national policy. The personal freedom of blacks may, thus become the occasion of political slavery to the whites, and the stain of one crime be blotted out by the deeper dye of another. Wo do not ourselves anger ill of the political future of the North-we have little fear that twenty millions of Anglo-Saxons, long accustomed to selfgovernment, will submit their interests to the management of irresponsible power one moment beyond the felt necessity of the crisis; but just in proportion to our confidence that when this civil war is at an end the people -will resume their authority is our conviction that the proclamation can be regarded only as a fn-ustsma ftlamea, which will be set aside as of no effect when matters

 ef,4TbeUnion Thwafltm decision of the President, devoid of legal authority though it may be, will so entirely undermine the whole region of cornpromise that hereafter there can be n') secure political footing upon it. Coupled with the Act of Congress which last Session enfranehieedthe district of Columbia, it assures us of the moral certainty that there call be no resumption of partnership between the North and the South in the business, profits, and interests of negro slavery. Ail Europe has long foreseen the ieigtebability of a reconstruction of the Union. It is reviving to be certified, as we now are, that, should the Border Statue remain with the Northern section, they can only do en by pinging themselves of the crime which they have not yet renounced, and that, if they should eventually fall to the Sooth, they could not maintain the accursed system even if they would. After what has happened no room is left for a Fugitive Slave Law between North and South; and Virginia, Maryland, Missouri, Kentucky, and Tennessee will find it more troublesome end expensive to uphold the "domestic institution" along the frontier of a free, independent Power than to accept compensation for the "chattels" they may surrender and to work out emancipation in their own way and time. The President's proèlamation'Witl, no doubt, help to convince them that the status quo of American slavery is hopeless and for ever gone.

Subject, then, to the rather large deductions we have felt ourselves compelled to make, we still regard the political document upon which we have anbnadverted as one of the highest importance. That it will help in ally material degree to retrieve the misfortunes of the Union we strongly doubt; that it exhibits the political sentiment of the North in a light likely- to do credit to themselves, or to impart to the policy of emancipation the moral grandeur which fairly belongs to it, we are sorry to fled ourselves precluded from asserting; but that it heralds the approaching doom of slavery, and denotes the impracticability of suspending that doom by tamporisiug expedients, we look upon as demonstrable. We should have been glad to mingle with our joy at the inevitable extinetioh of the " domestic institution " aehinirat-inn Of the motives and the means by witch its guilty (lays have been numbered. But, even from this hands of a grudging necessity, Europe ivihl accept the issue with gratitude; and there will be a thrill of pleasure amongst the civilised nations of the earths that a great people (which the Northern scotinst of the Union mast ever remain) have at length removed froni their political programme that fruitful source of national slem'su-aliiation-eonnivauiec With slavery.
return to their ordinary channels.

The sole practical ad'racitags of Me, Lincoln's proclamation, as it scorns to us, cviii be realised in its sweeping Federal complicity with slavery Out of the political creed of the North. We conceive that it must have this effect. The whole question has been placed in a position, as it regards the Federal States, from which there can be no return, it resembles the free-trade movement in this country after the announcement by Sir Robert Peel of his conversion to its doctrines. No party in the Statcs will henceforth be 'strong enough to creepy the platform
or who shall In ony woy give old and comothoroto, esoaplog from such peo0005 ond toting ref ego wsti,bo tho lime -1'11i. army, and oil slaves captured Iran, such pen'ooa or deserted by them, and mming condor the mrstrol of the Government of the Dotted Slates, and oil olavas of ouch per0000 found on (or being witbIe) cry place occupied by robot forum and afterwards occupied by the forcea of the Dotted States, shaM he deemed enptocm of war, and shall be

toy, ever fore of tholr servitedo, and not again held as slaves.

section 10.-And to it further enacted, that no slave escaping hits any

State, territory, or the district of Colombia, from any of the States, shall be delivered up, cc In coy way impeded or hind= ;I his liberty, except for cvhne or mme offeoco against the laws, mile. the person cleioohog said fugitive shall first make oath that the person to whom the taboar or eorvim of

oath fugitive h alleged to be doe Is his lawful owner, and bee not bean to arms against the United Stoles in the present rebellIon, nor to any way given aid and comfort thereto; and no pesvon engaged in tho military oe naval an'eicoof the trailed States shell, under any pretence whatever, easoorne to decide on the

validity of the claim of any person in the service or labeosr of any other person, or serrender up any person Is the claimant, on pain of being dioontesed from

the service."

And I do hereby minus open and order all persona engaged too the military and naval service of 11w United States to observe, obey, and enforce within their respective sphere of service the Act and sections above recited.

 And the Executive win in doe time reccanoend that all citizens or the

United Stains who shall have remained loyal throughout the rebellion shall,

open the restoration of the constitutional relations between the United Stat

and people (if the relation shall have been suspended or disturbed), he cost.

pensated for all bases by acts of the United States, including the loss of slaves.

In allures whereof I have hereunto eel my bond and caused the seal of the United States to be eftved.  ABRAMAIn Loncouw.

Dane at the City of Washington, this 22nd of September, in the your of our Lard 1862, and of the Independence of the Untte,1 States the 87th.

By the President,  -

Wetaa&al H. SalmAn, Secretary of suite.

The Republican tese approve of this proclamation; the Damn

eratie *ass regard it with hostility. The governors of sixteen Northern States assembled at .&ltocna on the 24th silt. and adjourned on the 25th to Washington, where they presented an address to President Lincoln, expressing theft doteronination to support his constitutional authority, approving the emancipation proclamation, and suggesting the exssediescy of raising a reserve force of 100,000 Men. The Governor e Maryland objected to sip the address.

The President has been serenaded at Washington, on which oc-casion he made a speech, saying that he issued the proclamation after

foil deliberation and under a heavy sense of responsibility. He treated

in God that be had made no inistalce. It was new for America and the world, he said, to jndgo of the pronbamation and, it may be, Is take attbon mien it.

The Chicago Renannipation Committee have published President Liteeln'a repsy to them, delivered an Beph. 13. The President therein states that he did not favour emancipation, as it would be inoperative if issued and if the slaves were armed their arms would fall into the bands ai the rebels,

WAR NEWS.

The Paderais have made two unsuccessful eStirto to arms the Potomac, at Sheperdatown into Virginia, but were each time repulsed. General M'Clellan has constructed a pontoon bridge upon which to cress the Potomac at Harper's Perry. The Confederates have made Winchester, Virginia the basis of their operations, but keep a force on the bank of the stoman to prevent the Fedoras from crossing.

An engagement occurred on the 19th silt, south of Jules, Missinmppi, between General ltnasncrantc end General Price. The Confederates retreated south during the night. The Podembe captured 200 prisoners.

3tISCBLLARBOUS.

General Davis shot General Nelson, commanding at Louisville

Kentucky, an the 29th, killing hint instantly. The affair occurred

thrsugh a personal dispute.

The dcaught in Philadelphia was to be carried into effect on the 20th alt. in New York 40,000 men were to be raised in the same manner on the 10th inst. The President has suspended the writ of habeas corpus and declared martial law throughout the Uniteddtatee with resneot to all parsons arrested for aiding the rebellion or hinderins the Iraught.

In the money market gold has risen to the premiunbof 23 percont.
AMERICA.

By the snivel of the steamer Etna we have received Now Yor jonanale to the 4th inst.

WAN NEWS.  -.

Although a small body of Federal eavelvy, and artillery ,mdeo General Pleasanten bad crossed the Potomac at Shepherdetown, ten miles there Harper's Ferry, the situation of the two large armies .,on either side of the Potomac remains unchanged. President Lincoln had paeeed several days in visiting Harper's Ferry end the Antbetaen battle-field and reviewing the troops.  -

• General M'Clellen officially reports that the total Federal lees in. the battles of Antioteon Creek and South Mountain was 14,700 an lulled, wenpied, and miming. From the time when the Federals liret
-

01°c eneono in Maryland op to the time when the enemy into Virginia the Federals have eaptuanol thirteen plane and I l,iriy.nine roleun-they being neither guns nor colours. The Fcdeeale have collected 1.1,000 smalbarino on the Antietambattlo-llrld. They have likewise captured totø Prisoners, of wham 1230 were seconded, and have buried 3000 rebels, General M'Cilollan thinke

that there two engagements coat the enemy at least 30,003 of

their beet treope. 'boe Jlfrhoicnof Whig has information that the

4utue Confederate lose at the battle of A=ssns was 3033, and in all

the engagements in Mar land about 7000.

The Federal General land inventor of the Rothuen gun, who was wounded at Antietam Crook has since died.

The Federal General Morgan Las evacuated Onmberland Gap With Si entire force, end was on his march to the Ohio River. On evacuating the Gap General Morgan sprang the mines, cloning the paeeagc throughthe mountains so comp actaly no to melee it entirely oopaesablo. All the stores, artillery, and munitions of war were either brought away or destroyed.

A large portion of General BneU'e army hoe moved towards the interior of Jfruturley in several columns. The Confederates have burnt Augusta in thie State forty pile's cast at Cincinnati. An esploeion teak place at the o.reecacl in Columbus on the 2°lth nit,

destroying a large amount of ordnance stereo and cotton.

General Beauregard had assumed the command of too Gaul edorate Amy in tenth Carolina end Georgia.

30.,e rempasoioa of Federals had attacked Potnhatooala, near New

 Orloon but were repulsed with heavy lane.

The steamer Kate, from Nassau, had run the blockade into

Wilmington. A schooner with 4,500 bushels of suit also ran in.

Another aeheoaer attamting the canoe thing, ran aground, and was

under fire of the ialoekading steamers for Several hooovo. She had not euccccded in gotlin off. On the 19th a large pnddlo-wlooclcd etoamcr escaped from Chmeaton through Sealer e Channel. Two ships, laden with cotton to the amount of 1300 bales, had arrived at Nuyaanah from Mobile and a Texan port. The Federal gun-boats had been ordered to the month of Tile Grande.

The British prize-eteamers Ciroaoaian, Msonplois, Barmuoln, Stottin,

end Columbia wore bring fitted cut as Federal cruisers.

Advices from New Orleans report that a large number of poroooo have token the oath of efleianre to avoid the penalties of the Confecation Act, which Generao Butler ii rigidly going to enforce.

A despatch from St. Paul, Minnesota, states that on the 23rd 303 Indians attacked Colonel Sibley's command. The battle lasted two hence, resulting in the repulse of the Indiana, with the lees of thirty killed and a large number wounded. Four whites were killed an

from thirty to forty wounded.

ran coaeyunmoArn STATES.

rho Confederate Congress have had the emancipation proolamatiun

under their consideration. A resolution has been introduced do.

usoonciog it as a gross violation of the usagoe of war and worthy of

the execration of mankind. It must be counteracted by such severe

retaliatory measures m in the judgment of President J)avio may be

calrala1ed to secure its withdrawal or arrest its execution.

The Confederate House of Representatives had finally paoosd the

new Conscription Bill, applicable to all men between thirty-lieu and

forty-lien years of ago, by a vote of 34 against 29.

Yellow fever is raging at Wilmington, North Carolina,

)mecocLtANJrnOJe.

The flate of Now York had raised 30,000 three years' volantorra over her quota under the first call for iiOO,000 men, and volunteers for nice months would new be accepted fill up the second nail. 20,000 more men were needed. The draught had been a fuiloors in many tarts of the State of Connecticut,

The Toner States do net approve of the emancipation proclamation.

General Wadsworth is the Republican, and Mr. Horatio Be ,onom' the Demomntic nominee for the New York governoreba oblio expectation looks forward to the result of this election W, interest as sure to indicate the predominant opinion of the people of the Middle States or the new policy recently announced by the President.

Cold eoalntainud itself at 22} premium. CANADA.

Lord Month has been enthusiastically received by the prople of Canada Weot. After completing thin tour he crossed the border, and was last heard of at Chicago, on route for the prairies of minim for a few days, shooting. He was accompanied by the Governor of Nova Scotia.

The Surgeon-General of the Federal army has declined to

receive Cemmopathie Physicians an surgeons In doe annoy. The expmditure of the Confederate Government op in the b,.t of .cage,o last is declared by the Oecoeolonlso journals to be about seventy aeill,om ncrllng.

171 On, city of New York 6000 persons - are employed in the
LONDON: SATURDAY, OCTt1BEP is, 1862.

Pinisuicr LINà0LN's proclamation furnishes abundant matter for discussion by the American press but as, under the beneficent rule of king Abraham, that press is much less free to comment upon public affaira.than is the journalism of France, the criticism of Union writers is of a hesitating kind-that is to say, where disapproval of the proclamation has to be set forth. Point-blank opinion might consign the dtterer. to

prison whence release is not very easy, and therefore those who dislike the President's act go 1cry little further than- speculation . as to its possible results. Of course those who desire to praise it are permitted to do so with the utmost vigour of almost profane laudation. Indeed, one journal accords to it an origin which we arc afraid to describe, one which would entitle it to be rend alternately with mandates which both sides appear to have forgotten in the excitement of fratricide. The opinion of most Arnrican
work of separation and ins widenod the rift in the rock; and all apparently agree that it would be impossible for any reunion to be accomplished while the author of that document should remain at the head of the State. Mr. Lincohi himself, like most weak men when they have done violent things, is very self-distrustful, and" hopes to God that he has made n mistake." The war news is scant ; the dead have been counted, and the number is fearfully in advance of what bed been put forward as an estimate. There has been no detailed oflicial aecoant of the great battle which repelled the Confederates, and it is naturally surmised that the: Republic of the North was at one time in greater peril than the 0 overnmerit chooses should be pointed out by military critics. The movements of the Confederates are variously described; but another engagement was expected. It seems hardly worth mentioning amid such a crisis, and yet the fact is characteristic of American manners, that President Lincoln has given special audience to a person named Train, who was for a• short time a little notorious in Londonthis man having merited the notice of his President by a furious speech, in which he denounced England as a nation of cowards and bankrupts and expressed his hopes for the success of an Irish rebellion. Would a person who had said a tenth part as much against the Americans be received by an English Minister? Yet the Americans affect surprise when told that they display animosity towards us. We must now await in meekness the storm that will follow their receipt of Mr. Gladstone's and Sir G. Lewis's speeches, in which the success of the South is deseribcd

 as alibutcertean. - - -

ECHOES OF THE WEEil, AND TIlE INTERNATIONAL sixtraucriorn

WEIe%oikhg of Professor Owen we may remark that ths capnkeyversns-snsn controversy which, at the recent meeting of the British Association, led to such a sharp verbal encounter between Messrs.

Owen and Burley, has to the great disappointment of the quarrel.-some. failed in provoking anything like continued discussion. A spasmodic attempt to keep np the ball was made in a burlesque letter from "A Gorilla," which appeared in the These; but the public is languid just now about every mortal thing save the American War, and has no time to waste upon the brainpans of baboons. People seem very well satisfied with the inward conviction that they are not apes, and trouble themselves very little as to whether the apes are or are net our "poor relations."

"The troops ek-odaddled." This incongruous expression Ins, since

the outburst of the Coin and Abel contest in America, become familler in our mouths-not precisely as household words, for Englishmen, we trust, evil be never given to "slrededdling;" but as any other oooentrio Traneatlnutioism, such as "obscpoeto.laiing," ' taking tracks," "sloping," "wilting," "vamosing," fin To "skeladdlo" is, in Federal language, to run away; but a North British philologist has lately discovered that the word is Scotch, net American, end that "skedaddling" is simply the action of "jabbling," or shaking the contents of neilkpoils of winch the yoke is not accurately balanced on the milkmaid's shoulders. We accept the North British theory. Will the Calsdouinn sage accept our etymology? A "skid" or "kid" is a tnb-pail or bucket. To "addle" is obvious: hence "skedaddhiag" is only "addling" or decomposing the lacteal contents of a "skid,"

Although the Americans have introduced a vast amount-of slang into the Angle-Seven tongue, many of the so-called "Ainericanismns" are simply provincial and archaic terms hundreds of years old, conveyed to the plantations by the very first settleri in Virgioia or Massachusetts whence they have been retransmitted to the mother country. On the other hand, many words to which an Amnsrioaz origin, or at least modification, may be conceded, are improvements rather than defects in our tongue. Take the adjective "lengthy" for instance: a word which is to be found in all modern dictionaries. albeit generally inserted under protest as a superfluous innovation, but which Mr. Richard Bush, the accomplished Minister from the United States to this country, assured Mr. Canning, in 1818, was an .&merioaa word devised by his ingenious conntryncn to signify a thing being lsedieneaewell asieay
The Pacific Telegraph Company have erected their wires

between the Missouri need the Sierra Nevada, a dietanee et teat entice, and thee completed the telegraphic eneeeeeeniaatten between the Stlaette and t'eeiec In

tear aecathe and aeverdeen dare. The company have entered into en arrange' meat with the Nnaeeeree of Itaeeln by which, conjointly, they will eenaireert a centteeaeeer line threeeh British end Russian America, aerree Batariage tirade, and throregle Aatntie and Neeeapeaee iterate, en re e aeceaLMi Pdeeeborg end %%'aahlngtee. This line will be 14,Oel retire in length. itreeeia bee already completed eeoc entice and collected mater-Isle for exCeeding tier evirre from

8tleeds to the eaentla ox the 4.eaoer, the Idteateatppt of Mteitt Nitrate,
TEE DOWNFALL OF AMERICAN SLAVERY.

IT is me of the,staiadhig reproaches against the American Democracy that the good work of the abolition of slavery in the British West Indies ealle& forth from thorn norceponaivcrcoagratulatory echo. It is our Ambition as journalists that, so far salt depends on us to provent it, a similar reproach may not lie against the English people. This is our apology for recurring once more to the momentous step lately taken by the Cabinet of Washington,

This generation is fortunate in living in ass ago one of whose chief

characteristics is the emancipation of enslaved raoes and the liberation of oppressed nationalitiee. Middle-aged men can remember the eecasien of the abolition of slavery in the dependencies and colonies of -the British empire. The Revolution of 1848 extracted from the provisional Government of the French Republic, a similar measure, The emoneipati000 of the Jews- is always in progress in various quarters of the oivilised world In the Austrian empire, Poland, and Roumania the peasants have of late years been freed from the vestiges of mediaeval servitude,. the Christian Eoyoho of

the Turkish empire-have obtained concessions of which neither

the conquering nor the conquered race dreamed a generation ago, while the crowning triumph of all is the manumission and

endowment of 20,000,000 of Russian serfs. Even war itself, normally an inetr, mont for the subjection of humanity, sometimes puts on in this go an- exceptionally liberating character. Italy

has but just been the theatre of two phenomenal ware which shod uere an the names of Napoleon Ill, and Gineeppe Garibaldi And now the 22nd of September, 1862, has Inaugurated a policy which

enables us-to add another to this select dam of wars.

While we have never made these columns the vehicle for wilful

disparagement of the Northern cause, we have always spoken of the American war as being, on the part of- the Federals, a war :or empire. We regarded the words of Gambaldi contained in Ide "Address to the English Nation" - words which spoke of the United States as "struggling for the abolition of slavery"as at least [premature if not altogether fallacious, Sir days before the panning of those wocylo Abraham Lincoln had announced a policy which imparts to them .a retroactive justification. The war is s0_ cnthepartofthcNorth, primarily awcrof empire; but itis henceforth, though secondarily, a war of emancipation also. The President, whose name will go down to history in connection with this memorable event, is too truthful, and unaffected a man to

andeaveur to put a false glees upon it. "I  declare that

hereafter, as heretofore, the- war will be prosecuted for thq object of practiealiy restoring the Constitutional relation between the United States and the people thereof in which States that relation is or may be suspended or disturbed," It is therefore, we repeat, primarily a war for empire, in which the question of boundary plays no part - and the question of emenoipation but a subordinate one.

 We are not nmciudful of the consideration that the wholesale and sweeping concession of freedom to all slaves in the "rebel" States, whether belonging to loyal or rebel masters, only comes into effect on the fret day of 1803; but the ninth section of the Confleoatton Act, -quoted by the President as henceforward to be rigorously enforced, is tantamount to a proclamation of general emancipation, insomuch as in the "rebel" States no "loyal" slaveownors, to whom the Cordseatim Act is inapplicable, have yet been discovered. Wherever the Union flag shall penetrate it will, from this time forth, bring liberty to the enslaved.

There is but one qualidoatson to be made to this statement. It is that if the 11 rebels idaign to accept Mr. Lincoha'e;rofferci bribeths -bribe of sondonation-and will dutifully proceed this autuno to elect members of Congress, to appear, at Washington on any dv before the 1st of January next, then the presence of sac representatives "elodll, in the absence of strong cnantcrvaiiieg testimony be deemed conclusive evidence that such State end the people thereof are not- then in rebellion against the Baited States." There is, perhaps, another contingency to be dreeded. A too rapid career of - success on the part of the Northern. armies might induce Congress at its noxt Saeeion to repeal the Confederate Act end annul or declare unconstitutional the remaining portions of the President's proclamation. The pceoibilhy of such a tax* givoreation may justify the friends of the slave in hopcny that the Confsdorntea may continue to poaoeoo then' capital until the let of January, when the Rubicen which separates the Union "as it was" from the Union "ca it ought to ho" will he orceesi without possibility of return. The Abolitionists of Europe and Amoc'ica cannot lid to forget that the Federals' difficulty has hitherto been their eppertonity, and that the leaven of their ideas has mingled with tbepublic mind according oaths Federal armies have rotreatedbefore tho heete of Beauregard, Lee, and Jackson. Had either M'Clellan'a eammer eempacgn orPope'e subsequent strategy succeeded, who is simpleton enough to believe that the proclamation of Sept. 22 would now have seaa thelightl' Even now, in spite of the humiliating reverses of the North, in spite of the resentments caused by the uncentradictod tales of bar. berildee inflicted on the Northern dead and wounded (of Northern skulls used as soap-dishes, of, finger-bones used as toothpicks, and as forth), so strong is the sentiment of Negrophobia in the North, so bitter the thought that out of this war there may accrue to the sovereign eotiaene on either side nought but lose, while the slaves will reap all the gains-that all the world turns to see hew the pruslemataen is received at the North. And how is it received? By no burst of enthuscasnoc but with en ominous and sullen silence, which o a more positive sentiment of aversion. Net only the Democrate journals, but the Conservative Republican ones also regard the measure as a nauseous pill, which they gild and sweeten by the assurance, which they do not themselves credit, that the proclamation itself well remain a dead latter. Never were there more unwilling liberators then the Northern people, politicians, end army. There was en eisa about the manner in which this undemocratic British nation set about the work of slave emancipation, in which the Antserct of all the Hussies sot himself to a similar duty, and in which the Emperor of the French proclaimed the liberation of Italy from the Alps to the Adriatic, which, at least, did credit to our Piccopeen human nature, but for whose slightest trace we leek in yam into President Lincoln's manifesto, countersigned though at be by that deft master of rhetorc, William Hoary Sew-d. In this feature of the proclamation, in its total absence of false Pretences, and what in his mouth would savour of hypocritical cant, wo may agsin admire the Freoideut's native condoor. The emancipation of the slaves is iloicociceed its a penalty against the contumacious owners, who arc informed in the same breath that they may avoid the penalty by an act of homage to the powers that be at Washington. The idea of bringing liberation to en oppressed race is as unwelcome to the American democracy as it a welcome tens "eorcile and Pauperised. " Europeans. There is some iaagr that on this oceaoiou their jaundiced prejudices may infect idut English judgment. Else why do we already hear from tnllasntial mactom that appeal to the commonplace claptrap of elavoewnecs and easir friends the homorc of St. Domingo? As if it was net rather

 nd,aci.,,.A fast, o, .,., c,c, .5 C , NH-i., &tH- .. ,d, . 45

seired by the American bondcns.oo as previously by his brethren in other parts of the continent au the adjacent islands.  -

,The time chosen for ths issue of the proclamation, though open to

the general objection stated by us last week, is nevertheless, in some

other end subordinate respects, well appointed, It could- not have been uttered with any dignity while Washington was threatened and the Administration knew not whether they should next hear of the Confederates in Pennsylvania or Baltimore, It follows on the heels of a Federal victory; at is not wrung from the despair of a discomfited heat. It is bold end manly to issue it just on the eve of the imposition of the severest test on Northern loyalty-the conscription; end just in time to affect unfavourably to the Administration the October end November elections. The same steamer which brings the news of the proclamation of freedom to the enslaved brought also the intelligence that the free white citizen and voter had been deorived of the right to the writ of habeas corpus during the pendency of the draught. This Is the act of a Government which is conscious of its strength Bud does not cower before the consequences of its own aote. In the performance of this solemn historical act Mr. Lincoln has eschewed any approach to that chicano and petty cunning which are apt to be the besetting sins of lawyers who have turned statesmen.

Those slaveawnsrs of Delaware, Maryland, Western Virginia,

Kentucky, end Missouri, who have not forfeited their claim to the

title of loyal citizens of the United States cannot hope, in the face of

abolitionist national policy, to maintain their slight interest in the

"domestic institution," amounting, if we deduct for the fugitives

 that have escaped since the commencement of the war and for for-feitures, to about 400,000 slaves, or a tenth of the whole number. It will bstheduty oftheensuing Congress to pass note similar to that

'passed this summer in reference to the distiaet of Columbia, enem'ing

to the loyal master compensation for the lose with which he is

menaced by the force of cirautastenree; it will be the no less obvious

duty of the people of these Border States oheerfullv to aete in

their State with the President and Legislature, anal' to do-UM, part In the work of a social revolution, which, in their oases at least need not be attended by a single horror, while it must ha -followed by a train of blessings.

We have given that precedence which is its duo to the mural end

humanitarian view of the question. It is a secondary, but still an

important, consideration, whether the freed man will become a cottongrower. It was found in Jamaica that the free blacks took more kindly to any other sort of labour than that which related to the growth and manufacture of sugar, because the latter reminded them of their ancient servitude. lie tho more reoent experiments conducted under the eye of General Hunter at Hilton Read, a similar repugnance to the picking and ginning of cotton was found to exist among the "eoutrabanda" of South Carolina, and for similar reasons, Left to their own impulses, they betook themselves exclusively to the production of food. hnat it was also found that that repugnance woo not invincible, Kind treatment prevailed an them to submit to the Organisation and discipline necessary to the cultivation of cotton on a large scale. This experiment was progressing so - satisfactorily that the Cabinet of Washington took the alarm and recalled the General who patronised it. The miserable truckling policy, founded an the hope of restoring the old slavery-protesting Union, has at length been definitively abandoned, and henceforth ovary Federal commander must take as his exemplar, not Butler and Stone, but Fa'emont, Hunter, and Phelps.

 In connection with this act of the 22nd of September it would be unjust to omit mention of two names. Those names are William Lloyd Canteen and John Brown, The morel-force agitation of the former, now in the thirty-second 'year of its existence, is about to triumph. It is his "unadorned sloqnenco," not the ornate gsnsnalioatieno of William Henry Seward which icoeterity will associate with this proclamation, The same documeni adds new significance to the raid of the martyr-fanatic of Herper's Ferry. In the Indian summer of 1309 the genius of Emancipation was incarnated in the persons of John Brown end his motley score of followers; in the autumn of 1862 her instrument is the President of the United States, wielding the military end financial resources of one of the richest and meet powerful nations of the earth.

The now policy should be welcomed oven by theme among us whose

sympathies on this eeeasion are with the sinveewner, far all parlice

in England ocncm' in the desire for the restoration of pears. The

policy of emancipation brings matters to a crisis. If the Nsrth can

ever subdue and occupy the South she will be able to do so now. If, on the ether hand, the resources and high spirit of the Southerners are more than a match an their own territory for the Federal armies, then the conviction of this fact will begin to dawn upon the North from this day forth. Hitherto defeats, end disappointments more numerous then defeats, have not shaken one jot of Northern resolution or impaired their faith in their ultimate success. The secret of this equanimity has been the knowledge that they held in reserve ens of the meet effective weapons of war, which hitherto they had allowed the enemy to wield against themselves. So long as this was the case a military reverse was without mm-al or political significance to them. Under the former conditions there was nothing to prevent the war from dragging on for ten years. Expensive as all were are, a "Conservative' war is the scoot wasteful end predtloee of any. Henceforth the war bocaaare a revolutionary one. Revolutionary wars, while they ore impregnated with the bitterness partake also of the ahertnnoe and decisiveness of civil revolutions. Burying its guilty hopes of compromise, the North summons up its whole energies for a supreme effort. The Confederates, with a heroism which we do net seek to disparags,'have held at hay the more populous end richer North so long as they have been able to rely upon the uninterrupted labours of their human chattels. Will they be able to do so when this drool is knocked from under them? We know nit; the future of the 'union is obscure, but one event is clear. The delicate end poisonous plant of American slavery, if it be not torn up root end branch , will emerge from the storm which now threatens its existence shorn of ito once luxuriant foliage end of most of the qualities which gays it so baneful an ascendancy on the Western Centiacent, end therefore on the whole oivillced world. Should this be so, civilisation will receive a solid permanent gain in compensation for same severe temporary leases occasioned by the war of the second American Revolution.
of were not time enough to speak of Bb. Domingo when its moesacros are re-ebacted; and acid, even in this extreme cm e, the slaveowner end his farnaly sire to count for everything and the slave and his family (we will tot say the negro slave, for the h.moriean chattel is oftentimes so me* and oven more European in his lineage than African) for nothing. There is another alaveownero and "shamdemocratic" calumny afloat among en-namely, that the Amwiovn slaves do not desire freedom, fee if such a sentiment di'l not ran counter to human nature itself, and were not belied by the wloslo history of American olaerery from the establishment of the "lJeiorgemiad Realwaf' into Canada until the recent highly-gaetifying er,penment at Hilton Head, the very feoun of Sooth linrohusan obettelsem, and the still more recent rspert of General Pnolpo upon the temper of the slaves in Lenieiaun! When the entamo rein,, ewelitay the enrrante of every Southern river, shall enable the unoengnorett zen-beats of the North to penetrate on all sides into the heart Of the South, net an heretofore to repel, but to "reoogaise and mointa,n also freedom" of the fugitive; we shall fee that the opportaieity of Jirewoeg elf the ever ef.ieuo yoke of chattel slavery will be jeykelly
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the steamers City of Baltimore and Anglo-Saxon we have received telegrams from New York to the evening of the 11th inst.

wiit ioiwf.

General M'Cloilaia, whose head-quarters are at lto.i'per'e Ferry, has issued a general order to the troops respecting President Lincoln's proclamation. He says

The fundamental rifle o5 Republican government is that armed foron are

raised only to custom the civil authorities, and. ere..to- be held in strict an-ordination to them. The discussion by officers and ooldlaro of Government mcasnroe, when carried beyond a temperate expression of opinion, toads to destroy discipline, by substituting political faction for that etoody-eappart if Uovc,rn,aent winch is the highest duty of the American soldier. In carrying out the mraonree of the Government the army will be guided by the cane mercy and Christianity -which have alw'o-yo controlled its condors towards the defenceless.

The Confederates, under General Stuart, have again crossed the Potomac at Hanoook a town about thirty muse above Hageretown

They pushed forwarri through Maryland, and on the 10th occupied

Mereereburg and Chambsreborg, in Pennsylvania. Their foree is

estimated at 3000 men, their advance consisting of 1000 -cavalry and six pieces of artillery. The inhabitants of these two towns had no means of resistance. Chambereburg surrendered on the conditions that private property should be raaveated but that public property should be removed or destroyed. Xhe donfederatea dootroyod tho Chambereburg railway station, and earned off 500 horses. They were moving in the direction of Gattysburg to destroy the bridge at that point and prevent the approach of General M'Clellan'e troops.

On the 8th a severe battle took place at Perryeviile, forty miles south of Frankfort, Kentucky, between General Bragg's and General Buell'e forces. The Federal loss is reported to have been 2000 in killed and wounded, two Generals and a large number of officers being ounong the former. General Buell reports that the engagement lasted from 10 a.m. till dark. - The enemy was repulsed, but not without some momentary advantage on the left, The main body of the enomy fell back in a southerly direction. General Buell adds, "Our loss is probalil Y retty heavy, including valuable officers."

GU. eller. Bragg has issued a proclamation urging the North-western

States to exercise their State sovereignty and make a separate treaty - of peace with the Confederates. He declares that the South wilt never interfere with the free navigation of the Mississippi. He appeals to them to desist from a war whith- can only, after greater sacrifices, terminate in a treaty of pears. . -  -

The Confederates have evacuated Frankfort and Lexington, in Kentucky.

The Confederates, under Generals Price and Van Dern, attacked the Federal General Roaenmans on the 3rd inst. at Corinth, Mississippi. The fighting lasted two days. The Confederates succeeded in reaching the main public square of Corinth, but now batteries were opened upon them, and they retreated. General Iteseeneraua reported that the rebels were repulsed with great slaughter. Ire eaya-" Tho enemy is in full retreat, leaving his dead and wounded; The bee is serious on the Federal aide, particularly in officers, but bears no oemparison with that of the enemy. Seven hundred - Confederate pnaonece eaptm'ed." The Federals also oaptuxstl two ba$teries. The Confederates have been driven back five mulct across the Hatehse River, - -  -

The Federals have captured a battery on the St. yebn'a River, Florida, and out if the retreat of a Georgia regiment. -

There have been slight engagements in Missouri and. Sos Eastern Virginia. - - -

The steamer Loopard has arrived at Naeoc,ie, New Providonra, inn 'Charleetse.
rOSE CONPEDFIIATIv tTATIIO.

tic srcjeeity of the Conimitte iii 111k lledate has reported rose

tattoo that. alter January next, Federal eomariaeioned or nonCCII ),YOPiOr.Cd officers, when captured, shall to kept at hard laboar

until the termination of the war or the repeal of President Lincoln?e

emantiPt100 preolarnatien. Federal white officers training or corn

erdirg negroes en military enterprises against the Cenledarato States, or inciting slaves to rebellion, or pretending to free then

sander Linceln?5 prmiamth0, shall, if captured, suffer death.

The Susie Legislature of Virginia has passed. a resolution declaring that no citizen shall be relied to account for driving from the State en putting to death any person who may be found aiding or abetting 1,fr. lIncoln's proclamation.

gisCEttAlcEOUe.

'the Federal Government has abandoned the negro eolonieation

ne, the Mioiitere of the Central America ltepnblioe having pro

test' d egainet the scheme being carried out in Central America.

'31 e cpcratian at the dranghtin NewYork State had been postponed

until the 11th. About 25,000 men are wonted to enaplote the call

nestler the second nroclamatieo. Massachusetts to in arrear about

in ,1CO men. In Maine the cenecription has been enforced, but each

croesrapt was allowed to call himself a volunteer and to receive the cane! hoenty-nofley. In the ether New England States the quotas

have teen filled up ny velunteerin".

Mr..CyrOZe Field has left New York for England, to conclude the sryangrlceoto to lay the Atlantic cable in the summer of 1863.

Mr. Charles Semner addressed a large meeting in Fancuil Hall en

the 6th inst. in support of the war, and in favour of the abolition of slavery. Mr. George Francis Train attempted a reply on the slavery question, but was refused a hearing and ustimately removed from the

platform in the custody of the police.

The Chicoge Tribune says of the late wheat harvest in the Western

Sluice :

There rae now he but little doubt in the mind of an ordiaary observer con

Mining the shortness of the wheat mop throughout the North-,Wasters

masse. In lilt note the crop of winter wheat turns out to be badly deficient in yield mid very inferior in quality. In the central eeouottoo of the state the &rrg to etrivelhid and shrunken, , end the average to net over one third of last years 1ieht. In the more northerly counties the yield to not over seven loahrle per acre 011 an average; and orally fields were damaged to each an ox-feet by the "bog" that they wore not worth cuttiog. III Wisconsin the crop of wheat to else ohort In the northerly counties the quality is good, but the qeceifty to moth below that of last yrar'o crop; while to tile control and osr,tleoeo counties the wheat is very deactoot, beta in quality and yield. In ieee the quality will average better then to illinois and Southern Wiseanela; bet the yield 10 not over heif of the crop of teal, In Minnesota the crop is exrehlrai as to quality, end chore Is cot much complaint about the yield.

Gold has risen to 29 per cent premium.
Coptain Semmes, who achieved such fame as the coonnander

of the Ceofrdesate war-steamer Sumter, appears to be doing grear haeea among the i'r,lsrel nierohsnt-vrmels in his new ship, the .Llabams, or "cUd." According to intelligence received hi Liverpool, be has recently roptnrs.l and elcetreysel sixteen itorthero vessels, tunneling ten whalers.

The following is the form of pledge given by Federal prisoners when liberated on parole:-" We, the undersigned, solemnly tfeigo our sacred word of honour that we will not, storing the existing wise hot awn the milled Stales and the Confederate States of America, hser arms, or at d or abet the enemies of the Ceefederete Itetes, by infermatisa or etherseiw', until eychisngcd to re1tsst4.'
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LONDON. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1852.

AoTHIiu change of scene in the ever-shifting melodrama of the fratricidal war. 'We had scarcely had time to examine the details of the last affair at Cotinth, where it would seem that the Confederates, after some very severe fighting and after penetrating into the heart of the city, were gallantly repulsed, when we learn that there has been one hard battle (not two) between Bragg and Buell, at Perrysil1e, in Kentucky, the issue being undecided; and, further, that the Confederates, under Stuart, have once more crossed the Potomac, at Hancock, and gone over Maryland into Pennsylvania. This invading body is represented to be small, not numbering more than 3000; and it is therefore uncertain whether the movement is a mere demonstration or a feint, or whether ills to be followed up. New York is declared to be "iii the greatest astonishment." As Mr. Disraeli has it in "Alarcos

The Kings aniazed? Poor man!

The tionfeclerates had left Lexington and were mdwing towards Cumberland Gap. MOlellan claims a decided %-iuLory at Aswictain, and, unlike General Pope, is able to point to tangible witnesses of his success in the form of fourteen guns and 6000 prisoners, an improvement upon Pope's ideal captures. The commercial news is equally interesting. Gold was at a very high premium, nearly at 28 per coat, upon which f.101 it might he cdfying to linac Mr. Chase. More inloreailng oblU is time announcement that the Confederate Coivgrea. wore eon
sideria t fl50lUtj c,sspowertl)g the Days O-sve,iune,,t to boy or seize a million bales of cotton, and to ScM agent-, to Europe to sell it. It is also proposed to repeal all laws pro. lobiting the export of cotton from ports occupied by the enemy when such cotton is bought by foreigners. Of course, there is ol doubt that willing purchasers will be found here for every pound of cotton that ?iU1 be delivered at Liverpool but the risk must he that of the tenders. The friends of the North argue that this course indicates a great lade of money on this part of the South, In all probability the sinews of war will he found equally 5utingon both sides ant if the South is desperately bent on selling cotton, Mr. Chase's greenbacks to be exchanged for gold only at the frightful sacrifice that has been mentioned (Aotstrian fieanoiors of a few years back most be interested in this stain of things does not say much for national confidence, and there are not wanting those in America who talk very uneasily

of the possibility of peace being celebrated by a wholesale appli-cation of the sponge. Influential Southerners are now demand.

Jug urgently that a recognition shall take place, and some of the Northsms interpret this as an intimation that the Con

federates have had enough of fighting; but the general

of tled'ISonth by no -can:
