AMERICA.

By the arrival of the steamers .A.ng'lo-Saxon and Hanoi we has's papers of the 30th ult., and telegrams to the evening of the same day. WAR mews.

The week has been an eventful one in the Volley of Virginia, although the Policy of excluding newspaper correspondents deprives so of the power of following the movements of the opposing corps

On in detail.

On the 23rd salt, the Confederates attacked Itappahonnoek station, end enopelled the Federate to abandon the line of the Itappshannoek. The re derals fell back on Warrsnton Junction, a distance of ten miles', after henning the bridge ever the river.

On the 20th the Confederates made a held and successful dash on

lfsnassaa Junction, in the rear of the Federal army. The Federals

were driven out of Macasses, and lost a battery of nine guns. The

Confederates destroyed stersswhiehtheireneniies value at 500,000 dais.,

out the telegraph wires, and destroyed the railroad, these ecttsag' ad

all connection betweon General Pope end Washington,

The Confederates afterwards proceeded to Bull Bun Bnde, and drove the Federals from that pelt, indicting a hoavy lose on l5ensral Taylor's New Jersey brigade, capturing two regiments, and wounding the General. The pursuit was followed up beyond Osntrevslle. The pursuers' cavalry advanced as fur as Fairfax Courthouse,

Izeraediately antlsie being kaoern, Generals Pope, M'Dowell, Siegel, and Helntoelutan hurried from different points to drive back the Confederates and intercept their retreat. General M'Dowi succeeded

it . na his co a between the forces of the enemy, who had

070"

n lu ~M. ill an

,--a -11. to I'VEXT., through G a al d their main body, which was moving den fro= White Plain through Thoroughfare Gap. The Confederate General fion?atreet, who had passed through the Gap, being driven to the west safe, Hooker's division came upon hips in the afternoon of the 27th at Kettle Ran, and, 4 fter s eherg,
action, routed him, killing and wounding 300, and capturing their camp.

On the 25th Peiie arrived at Maualeae Junction, but the Can, federates under Jaoeon had evacuated the place three hours haters, Jackson retreated cal Oeutrevillo. Six mdcc west of that plan0 Jackson "me noon the divisions of xii'Dewdll and Siegel. The Federals report that in this fight, which lasted until dark, tim Con, federates were driven back at all nointe. General Pope claims to have captured from Joekeen'e rear 1005 prisoners and one gun. He joined Burnetde end M'Olellan near Centreille.

On the 30th was fought the second battle of Bull Ban. General Pope's account of it is as fellows;-.

}read.Qeartere, Field of Battle, tlxovedeoeti. noel Oathevllie, Mist. .31,

To Msier-Ocecral Halleek, General-in-Chief at Washington.-We fought ,

terrific beetle here yesterday with the eeinbbis,t forces of the enemy,. Which

looted with continuous fury from daylight noon after darts, by which tieod t!u enoety was driven from the field, which we now eceupy. Our troops are tO0 much ealiansted te poeh matters, butt clean do win the eenree of the ,noruie5 as soon as Vito-John Porter', cerpe mines up from ttccanaeeee. The enemy f,-tie hi eec front, bet badly coed. We have no less than $000 men tallied end -.eohlli'irl end, finn the eppeerinre of the field, the enemy has teat tire to our eon. 11e Id, chiefly on the defensive, end every assault was made by ourselves. O;lr troops have behaved splendidly. The battle was fought on the identical battle, fold of Pull lIon, which greatly increased the entheolesrn of ear cocci, the news has $est reached me from the front that the enemy is retreating towacee the neoutsine. I at once pushed forward a recometitring party to ascerieb, this. We have made great raptures, butt em net yet able to form on idea e choir extent. (Signed), Panic Parr, Major-General Commanding.

 On the left, the Confederates have advanced to Leeaburg within a

few miles of the Potomac. The river was then fordable at all points above Washington,

In the west the events of the war are ehequered.

The Federals had evacuated Baton Rouge, and captured a eteenacc

an the River Arkansas laden with 500 stand of urine fir General uindmsn, stationed at Little Book. 'The Cloud eelerate General Morgan had defeated 800 troops, under General Johnson, near Gnllatin, no Tennessee, capturing 300 prisoners, including Johnson himself. The remainder of the Federals retreated to Nashville.

It it repea-tod that the Federal Government is very short of arms.

There are net enengh to supply the troops arriving in Washington.

War meetings continue to be held throughout the Northern cities, Becruiting_geee en satisfactorily, and the first 300,000 men are already secured. in addition to the States previously mentioned by us, Illinsl$ has raised her quotas miter both the first and second call. The State of New York has raised her quota of 50,000 under the first tall. The precese of dran hting has been nestpened in this and ether 6tate5 until the 15th this month. T&e delay is conceded by the State authorities on their own responsibility.

The stores eat closed at three .,.look on Saturday Afternoons in the Atlantic cities, in order to give time for volunteering, chill, and procuring substitutes. Persons have been forbidden to Advertise that they procure substitutes.

Ian. nnecotpc's nryrUeilr OF Iris POLICy,

The President has replied to the remonstrance addressed to him by Mt. Grecley, the editor, of the iVbio Ibid T'-ibifnf, urging him to to pracloim the emancipation of the slaves

 Washington, Aug. 25.

Sir-I have just iced yeere of the 11th, eshlreese,l to myself through the

Ace Font yrio,,ec. If there be in it any statements or eoeoinptleee, Oslo not

now and limo seetrecert them. It there be in it any inferences which 0 any believe to be falsely drawn, 1 do net nets act here argue ogalsat them. If there be pereeptiblo in it in, hinpetlait and dictatorial tone, I wave it is lefeecace to an elf frle,el, whose heart I have aheays eeppoerd to be right.

As tel the policy I "eren to ho psreoiug," as yoe say. £ leave cot meant

to leave any One iu decal. I world cave the Union. I would awe it the shm'teot way, ceder the Ceenitiorien. Tee eooi,'tr the national an throrit{ can be restored the ,.are, the Ueien will he, "tho U,,loe so it won' ir there he those who eoodd let save the Union aisles.-, they could at cite nine tin,e destroy slavery l do net e'ee with tlsei,t ny esimouet oblect in this tivoggie is to cave the Unlee, end it is net either to aetro or destiny slat-coy. If I ceehi cave the 'Union without freeing any slaee I weeld do it; cecil if I could save it by freeing all the staves 0 would do it, And lit eesld de it by freeing some and leaving others- alone I ocosld also tie that- What I do client slavery ant the coloured two I do because I believe it helpeto save this Union; and what I forbear I forbear bceinms 1 ft not believe it would be to sore the Unien. I shell do toss wlsoasver y s halt believe what I cm doing boris tics canes, and I she,, do eierc wlsenever I shell believe doing mere will help tile amuse. I shall cry to correct crews sehee ebewe to be orrere, end I shall adopt new views se east so they 'ball appear is be note views. I have here shied my purpose attardlug to my view of elllciat into, nit I Intend no modification, of my oft-errprened personal whole chet air Rum, evrrywhrre, could be f,ct.-Tsms,  A. LINCOLN.

anscennildnoue.

The appreprictime made at the last Session of Congress reached , the pceeligoene emeont of 894,000,000 dole-the largest amount ever

appropriated by a Legislature in a single year.

Theo Great astern had arrived in Flashing Bay, having been bettcn in her Passage by the Persia. She struck a rock at Itlontauk Point, en the eastern extremity of Long Island, staving a hale in her bottom. The blew only Penetrated the ontsr scale of the ship, the inner scale remaining intact. Efforts will be made to repair her at New York, but if this be found impracticable she will return in her present condition to En land for repairs. In cause of this mishap, she will net be exhioited, as had boon previon4 announced.

The Central American States me about to protest against Mr.

Lincoln's negro colenioation schemes. They duelers they are willing

to receive independent emigrants of every colour, but objeit to at sys

tematic oolem,etion directed by a powerful foreign (1-oveawmeat.

The new census of San Francisco gives a population of 90,013

Against 81,000 lest year. The city is in a very prosperous condition,

having been benefited more than injured by the war in the Atlantic States.

Agmers.l war with the Indian tribes being anticipated the Calf' feonsn mails are to be forwarded by way of New Yoic end the Istlnnne of Panama, instead of overland by mail-coaches.

The Now York papcre state that a cargo of 400 slaves was leaded lest month within tweidy-Ilve mites of Uovsrsnali.

Oak-um is being need by the surgeons of the Federal army in

lieu of lint, and is add to aaarer extremely welt.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

LO!1L°Olf SATURDAY, P2'E,WIJJiIO 12, 1882.

llvv for General Pope's aoertion that ho has gained a eiclccry we should be inclined to believe that the engagement b2tweou the Fcderiols end Confederates on Aug. fit had rosily been a Union success, it would seem that after a stubborn contest on the field of Bull Run the armies had separated, both having sustained heavy loss, but the Federals remaining in possession 1 of the ground. But the gallant Pope has rcndcred it a matter of duty with readers of his despatches to be cautions, and to await confirmation of lois statements whuu they notify, as they usually do, seam brilliant feat of arms on his part, We cannot forget that immense class of prisoners whom he took one hoc morning, soul wham ho must have immediately annihilated, as none of them wore ever seen in the flesh by mortal man save himself. He reports that the Confederates were "badly used" in this last engagement, and that he was about to proceed to. use theist still worse. The Now York people do not appeal, it their money market he an hidox to their leelings, to have been greatly reassured by this piece of in formation, which the C overunsent, after a long suppression of all news, perneitt'ut to be issued for the consolation of the North, We shall shortly have means of testing the veracity of General Pope. The levy was going on, according to the Northern prints, very satisfactorily, and it is reasocablu to suppose that the enormous bribe offered on enlistment must have produced it affect. Meantime, the President's candid declaration to Mr.

Oreelcy tied ibis is not an anti-slavery war, but that, on the

contrary. Mr. Lincoln is ready and anxious to place the slave system on the basis most acceptable to the South, if only the Union can be preserved, has drawn, angry comment from his friends in America and in England, and not unnaturally, for he has cost away the only ground upon which Englishmen could be asked to take an interest in the success of the North. His manifesto is certainly calculated to give a lively colour to his intimation to the blacks that they would do well to take them. solves out of the Union, ice which they are not, he tells them, fvouritos, and towards whose white constituents they have no particular reason to feel, kindly. Many of them are, it is said,
accepting this half-friendly notice to quit. As much as possible ia being made of the lush element, and it is evident that the Union relics in no small degree upon the swords of iTibernta, mercenaries. It will be a novelty in history should a State be found to have gained permanent strength by the aid of such auxiliaries
THE SITUATION IN AMERICA.

ASSUMING that the intelligence received at the beginning of this week bears with it that partial correctness which has characterised all accounts of late from the American con tinent7 no one in the civilised world out of Washington, and, we should imagine, scarcely any 0$ within that capital, will deny that the crisis of the internecine contest is at hand. The forote of the contending parties stand in such a position that all literally may depend upon one battle. A brief review of the events which have recently occurred is necessary to the elucidation and verification of such an assertion.

It maybe remembered that the accounts which preceded those which were received on Monday last, and which brought intelligence down to the 5th instant, extended to the 29th of last month, on which day, according to a despatch written on the following morning by General Pope, a fierce

battle had been fought between his corps -

and a Confederate force on the identical field of Bull Run which has become so famous in the history of the civil war. It

• may be said in passing that, like many other of General Pupa's statements in the despatch in question, this assertion is inexact, as the battle was actually fought

i at six miles distance from Bull Run. This -

battle the Federal General claimed as a -

victory, and concluded his despatch by

elating that the Confederates were retiring. / They did nothing of the kind, but on the / - -

morning of the 80th attacked General Pope's I -

corps with what is designated 11 fury, and ',

the Federals fell bad in disorder, the Con. federates rapidly pouringehut and shell into

the retreating msee. The Confederates -

broke the Federal contra and turned the Federal left, and, although the latter \- ufought with great bravery, and Pope made \ zqj,aaiu great efforts to retrieve the day, at five ' o'clock in the evening the left wing of \' his army gave- way, and retreated in \ BUR Run; while along tberoad oCentotvffleinfantry, cavalry, and waggons were mingled together in the inextricable confusion of a complete root. It is stated that the remainder of the force retreated in tollscable order to Contreville, where, on the following day, Pope was joined by two divisions \ of the army of the Potomac. On the lot of September General Banks, who was said to have been out off, also reached Centrevile with the force under his command, Hero it might have been supposed. that another stand would have been mailo; but so imminent was the danger. to Washington from a movement of the Confederates by way of Lecsburg, a few hales further to the north-west, that Ceatreville

 was abandoned on Tuesday, the 2nd inst., THE LATE DL 3 and the combined armies of Virginia and -

the Potomac were massed behind the intrenohincnts and fortifications which have been constructed for the defence of Washington, and, in fact, exactly in the position they occupied when they marched out for the invasion of the territory coon; pied by the Confederates. The latter are nearer Washington than they have yet been, and in a position more favourable for attack; for, instead of being massed around Ill anassae, they are in full force at a place called Vienna, on the Upper Potomac, only twelve miles distant from the Federal capital, and at a point where the river is fordable at the present season of the year. In short, the situation is completely changed; the

t'edernla stand at bay around their -chief city and seat of government ; and the Confederates, who have hitherto had to defend Richmond against the invading movements of the Northern forces, have it now in their power to become the aggressors in their turn, end it probably depends on the strength of the defences of Washington, and the chances of success by an investment of and ultimate assault on that city, whether they do not actually become the invaders this time.

While these disasters and reverses have been accumulating On the Federal forces in Virginia, the accounts from the west and other quarters are not more favourable to their cause. The troupe 4 the i'orth bad- been defeated, with loss of their artillery, in Kentucky, and had been forced to retreat to Lexington, which place, however, the had speedily to abandon. The FederalW were preparing to, evacuate Cyothiaoa, while from 20,000 to 80,000 Confederates occupied Lexington. Frankfort had also been abandoned by the Federala, while Louisville was threatened. In Tennessee there has been continued fighting; in Louisiana the recapture of B$ton Rouge had encouraged
the Confederates to attempt; the recovery of New Orleans, which city was menaced by Generals Breckenridge and Van Born, with a force variously stated at 20,000 and 30,000 men. Thus it appears that while the Northern party actually holds the coast line, it is but nominally master of the Mississippi; and everywhere beyond the reach of their naval armaments the fortune of war is adverse to the Federals. Six months of land warfare has brought their armies back to the point from which they started for that which was boasted to be a triumphant raid through the enemy's country; and they have to defend Washington with tens of thousands fewer disciplined troops than they possessed in the spring, to conduct the defence with maimed instruments, in the shape of beaten troops aided by new recruits, and this against an enemy gathered at an advantageous point, of great numerical strength, and naturally and justly flushed with success and elated by achievements from the merit of which their worst wishers cannot detract.

This statement of facts-and it is just

\ possible that they are not all the facts-we \ think, justify the proposition with which

\ we set out in the consideration of the \ momentous question involved-namely,

that the crisis in the civil wax in America has arrived. Of the issue of the next encounter between desperate men defending their last stroughold and foes with all the prestige of victory warming and urging them to still greater deeds, it is not easy to

-- utter predictions. We confess, however,

that the fact of the appointment of General M'Clellan to the chief command, in Washington seems to be an ill-omen for the Federal cause. This commander has / eminently illustrated the familiar saying which speaks of a person "going up '-ZS J lilac a rocket and coming down like its stick." It may be that he is really / the military prodigy that his friends J proclaimed him to be, and that he has been the victim of circumstances over which he had no control; but the fact is J/ patent that "viotery does not sit upon his J6JJI///j1iIllft 1]!/ helm ;" end he carries with him to his new 3uI/!/ffiI/i!/ / and most important command the disadvantages of failure, and is the very last General calculated to restore confidence to / troops who must be in the frame of mind of all soldiers driven to intrenchments and (77 fortifications within which they are bee / leaguered. We will not more than allude >1' to the rumours which have been prevalent that M'Clellan is at heart a Southerner, and by consequence a gigantic traitor, hut it is enough for our argument to say that be is not the man who can infuse into the army he commands the spirit which is essential to success.

SMaRT, PAGE s, On the other hand, the Confederate Generals have shown themselves eminently

vigilant and energetic, prompt to take advantage of every weaknoss or oversight or mistake of the enemy to which they have been opposed; they have co-operated with each other with almost mechanical exactness; and they have evidently been pursuing a plan of operations which was probably devised by some master-mind; they have mingled boldness with prudence, rapidity of movement with breadth of design; and it is no secret that recent success has tended to render it possible, and even likely, that the whole male population of the South capable of bearing arms will he at the disposal of the Confederate military chiefs; while it is equally well
bean that rerunning in the North is in anything but jemishing condition.

Lu this state of things the natural inquiry is, has not blood enough been shed? Are those hundreds of thousands of mined

en who stand opposite to each other to mix in mortal-nay, in extreme-combat which, if not decisive, must load to further draughts on both populations, to the manifest disadvantage of the North'? For, in order to supply new armies to protract a 'warfare already sufficiently exhaustive, the North must suspend its whole mdortrial and coiwnercial existence, and draw out its whole ionic population-youthful and middle-aged-to be literally expended like some consumable article of common use, while those who survive only become partners in defeat, and the broke]) instruments of military incompetency; and this while the agricultural South is being tilled and cultivated by the caine labourers who have always hitherto been attached to the soil in that character, and who are neither needed as, nor would they be permitted to be, combalants-namely, the negro population.

It is at this moment that one can most folly recognise the wisdom of that policy of nonintervention in the contest in America whith England has not only strictly observed herself hot has prevailed on France also to preserve. We stow see that it was possible for the parties to this quarrel to work it out for themselves, and by their own action to decide the fate of the Union. If it be the destiny of the South to become a self-constituted and self-existent Republic, such a result will have been brought about by her own means and her own operations alone; and, if the vexed question between the two races who have hitbcito formed together the United States is to be settled by the catablisliment of two States, it will be settled at once and for ever; but if the South had been bolstered sap into success by foreign nwrel inlers-rotlea, far less by active and material aid from any European Power, her title to a separate existence as a Power would not have been duly and truly established; and the time would have come when the North, with some show of reason on her side. might have demanded that the issue involved between the two parties should be submitted to the process of a near trial. This, at least, cannot be gainsaid-that theSautli has vindicated her right to be considered a State; and, looiieg to the situation of affairs as they stand between the Federals and Confederates, it seems clear that the time has arrived when the North and South can negotiate as State to 5 Mate and there can he but few, we imagine, who will deny that now is the moment when they ought to negotiate, upon what bade it is not for as to say, in plain language; hut it is implied in the opinion which we have exprenaad under a sense of what la due to that good feeling which, irrespective of party, we bear to that which has hitherto been the American nation.
-  AMERICA.

By the arrival of the Hibernian and the City of Washington we have telegrams vii. Cape Race until the evening of the 8th inst.

WAR NEWS.

On the 30th nit, the Confederates under Jackson Longotreet, and Ewell were reinforced by the reserve under General tee, and resumed the offensive. The Confederates geined the advantage, and General

Pope fell back in good order to Cantreville, where he was joined by two fresh divisions under General; Franklin and Sumner. The lees

of Federal officers in this lest battle was enormous, comprising

Brigadier-General Stevens and a long list of Colonels, among whom was Fletcher Webster, the only surviving son of the late Denial Webster. The Federal left wing was driven back, thrown into confusion by the shells of the enemy. General M'Dowell then advanced in support and endeavoured to hold the Federal centre, but the Confederates anticipated his movement, end Generals Siegel and M'Doweu become mveloped borthe Confederates and were outnumbered at all points. General Siegel behaved with greet bravery and his troops with eteodiness, but General M'Dewell'e troops broke in panic and retreated across Bull Run. The Federal right remained comparatively urns, end prevented the Confederates following up their adventago. The Federal wounded were left to the core of the enemy.

On the 2nd inst. General Pope evacuated Centreville, and the whole

Federal army deli back within the fortifications around Washington,

the several army corps occupying the same relative Positions whioh they held before their departure for the peninsula,

The ftiencpltio BuZlctin publishes the particulars of the broel

the Acacia atoona-boat on n "snag." There n-era too persons oil aeon, Of wh

seventy-live were loot including eli the women save one.
AMERICA.

By the arrival of the sten-ehip City of New York we hevercsej0

telegrams to the evening of the 16th inst.

WAR NEWS.

The Confederates under Jackson are entering Fe oneylva ya advanced guard is at Green Castle, Pennsylvania. The Mr ha called for 60,000 men to resist invasion, and has telegraphed top,, Mayor of Philadelphia to raise end forward 20,000 men delay. The farmers are arming, and sending the women and ctil away. The city of Philadelpha has appropriated 600,000 dollan fo the defence of the city and State,

The Confederates are recruiting in Maryland,

General Lee has ieeuea a proclamation to the people of announcing that the Confederate army has comulqiw e to liberate than Son Federal. rule, and stating that it is for them to decide their deeteny without restraint. The Southern people, says the prcclnaniies,

will rejoice to welcome the people of Maryland, but will call welcome them when they come of their own free will. Mr Ea

Lowe, a Msrylander, has received the appointment of

Governor of Maryland in the interest of the Confederate States,

On the Potomac the Confederates occupy in force the west bank of Seneca Creek, from its mouth on the Potomac, twenty-two miles above Washington, to Middle Brook Mills a line of ten mile,, It is certain that they have been driven cut of loeleoville, in Maryland, by a body of Federal cavalry. General M'Cldllan has left Woslfsgiea with a Federal arm , and has occupied Damascus and Hapsostoer, in Western Marylani The former place is thirty-four miles fr Washington. General Burneide is operating in another directjca,

 The Governor of Maryland has issued an other to the citizens calling upon them to organies and resist the invasion, Commodore Teeter's mortar fleet is off Baltimore in a position to destroy the city 0 surrendered to the Confedera6ea. General Banks is introstod with the command at Washinatod, The Federals are tarrocdfed at Harper's Pcn7: 1600 cavalry have escaped, but it to supposed that the remainder of the Federal force stationed there will be compelled to surrender. The Confederates- have again advancsd towards (tacinatti, driving in the Federal pickets two miles north of Picatnos, General M'Bowell has been relieved from his command and 3r,atef three week's leave of absence. He has demanded a court of lnpcrry into the charges of treason made against him.

Twelve hundred Confederates attacked Washington North Ocroilan, on the 6th, but were repulsed and pursued eeveral muss. TheFedersl gun-boats assisted in driving them off. One gun-beat blew up, killing the Captain and nineteen men.

In the West the Confederates had advanced within five miles of Covingten, in the northern apex of Kentucky.

A con-respondent from Pert Royal, in South Carolina, aaaennoee

that the President has adopted General Hunter's policy towards the nedreee, and that five negro regiments are to be raised, seined and uniformed for the service of the United States, and that 60,060 in addition are to be employed in the Quartermaster's department, nominally as labourers, but organised into companies and ucifcrnad.

President Davis had ordered a day of thanksgiving for the late

 Confederate victories. A bill had been introduced into the Confederate

Congress calling upon the States for ilOO, 000 additional troops. General Beauregard has been appointed to command the depn'tmeat of tootle Carolina.

General Pope's report of the movements of the army, from the command of which he has lately been removed, is an extraenslsry one. He blames Generals FitaJohn Porter and Siegel for net cerniag to his assistance. Of General Griffin he says that he kept his brigadeeff the field of battle though in full view of the engagement, "spendingths day in making ill-natured strictures upon the General comanandict the action in the presence of a promiscuous assemblage:"

I do not hc,itate to say that if the corps of Porter had attacked tSar sunny

in flank on the afternoon of Friday, as he had my written order te do' we eboabt utterly have cinched Jackson before the forces under Los could base aoarhrd him. Why he did net do so I cannot understand

He charges that the answer of General M'Clsllan to his request fee rations and forage-an answer which laid down the condition that s cavalry escort was to be furnished by General Pope-was a mocmO

All hope of being able to maintain my position, whether victorious or eel. vanished with this letter, My cavalry was utterly broken down by bog and constant service in the pursuit of thesnemy, said, had as they were, could550 be spared from the front.

The Federal loss in artillery in the recent battles in Virginia, siU

more than thirty pieces. No batteries were taken from the 001i.

federates, On evacuating Baton Rouge, the Federals carried off the elate library, the State-hones pictures, the statue of Washington, and & number of euntrabands.

Commodore Wilkes had been ordered to take command of a Oyia$ squadron an the West India station,

The Cuban authorities have ordered the Confederate Steamer O away from Havannala.

General flement has accepted the offer of the New York War

Committee to raise 50,000 men; but the Secretary of War bascsf558l

to rant permission to the War Committee to raise trsepsferFmaoth.

Iwo hundred men have been draughted at Hartf sad, C500ecucth. Disturbances have Occurred at Newton, Connecticut, arising from the enforcement of the draught.

I&reoflcAEEOVe.

The enrolment for the draught being far advanced towards 12'

The the stringent war orders in reference to an-eats for diecoo15tl

culietments have been withdrawn. The recent restriutoma en ira

have been removed.

The Indiana in Western Minnesota had attacked Fort 13 killed a',7a They were compelled to retreat after inflicting a loss of

47 wounded on the United States' troops. The Indiana f the tendtory of Dskotah were in an unsettled state, and likely to rise a8SSt the whites.  Gsa for fire

Notwithstanding that the new tariff land been in epere

weeks, the imports of dry goods and general merchandise at New York
as0 bighor then at the corresponding period of 1860 and 1661. Acornscerciol authority says:

i'crcle ire consuming so many foreign goode as ever, notwithstanding the j0esreer he the price. Buyers of imperted goofs-viz., eilto, bees, French oercIiO', DelIlah woollens, hardware, do., are now paying in addition to the elf çr:ec, a large percentage ferthe new duty sad another large percentage for the eenhsm on specie yet, in spite of this, the importers state that the

The election in Maine has resulted favourably to the Republicans,

but with majorities much lower than these of last your.

jail ccc crc bieepnivd to buy freely. t.occdicetlelen of cloy goods and general

n,evclenf ire have rIsen 00 to 00 per coot%

thin a ysse, yet tho public have cored! corteileco their conamoption to any '..p. 'o

degrer.

fJ,trPnitleL&.

The Supremo Court of the State has doqtded that all State taxes

statt continue to be paid in gold, according to a Sttte statute to that elite1. The law of Congress which makes the Federal notes a legal tooter fog the payment of ill debto so held not to apply to the ease of a lox, which is not technically a "debt." In conocpoente of thin decision the Federal notes ore at 16 per cent discount too San Pyanaiaoe. 'Iks decision is popular in & .State whose pride it has hitherto been to have done without a representative currency of any kind.

The Calaferniano have dispatched 11,000 dna. for the relief of the ,0ffering poor in Ireland. The elections have gone in favour of the toian ilepubhcens and adversely to the Democrats.

Democrats.
From the very commencement of the American War we have kept an accurate register of the quaint and crabbed words which have turned op in the transatlantic vocabulary, from II otampedneg" to "skcdaddling," from "bogus" to "bunkum" The bet location, lioivover, brooght under our notice puzzles us. An English gentleman, who is caid, we know not with what truth, to have been snafu the station of a very foolish practical joke on the steps of the Qapitol at Whshiogton, and byne less a person than General lialleok, is described as 'liavijig "wilted." Now, what is "wilting "P I ,t ano or in

variety of stampeding stamrdcn a en2
A letter from New York has the following anecdote:-4Among the prieonera in Poet M'ifenry there was, up to the 28th of June last, o Norfolk laity of fashion, All. S  Arch, Tally who had bmii am~tetl ut

.~c?ucr . & , "hIch qlie endoavoar~d to get

0M  c. of a Koovery made `=h.t

pvwct. lhreegh the Federal lInes to Richmond, alleging it to contain the corpse of her brother, was to reality fell of prreaesloe-eaya. the fair msegglor sin, forthwith pet under leek and key, and was rigorously confined to her cell, with permission, however, to take the air on a balosoy tertalsl,sr taker n,n,losr, and also an hour's erteretee retied the ramparts, atietapasihi by the officer on ditty. On her release she returned to leer family, near tderfelk,"
THE SOUTHERN NATION AND THE

NORTHERN UNION.

Do the Southern States of America form a nation? if identity of origin and language; if community of thought, sentiment, feeling, passion, and interest; If pertinacity of purpose, through good and through evil fortune; if heroism, unsurpassed in

any age, exhibited amid -

privations, difficulties, and dangers, of a magnitude

of which the history of /

the world affords few ex

amples, and all devoted /

to the one great end of national independence, constitute a claim to the

title, the South is indeed a / nation, - one, homoge- / neous, and indivisible. /

Are the Northern States, / which deny and resist the /

claims of the South, themselves to be considered a nation? They are not of one blood and race. The original Anglo-Saxon dcInent by which they were pervaded two centuries ago has, been so largely diluted by a Celtic and Teutonic admixture that the English language remains the only natural bond of union between them. Nor is this bond so powerful as it may appear. The Germans in all the great cities of the north and west constitute a class apart, and imbibe few, if any, ideas from English and American literature and modes of thought. A Unilynewspaper published in the German language in the city of New York has a circulation of forty thousand. In many parts f the great State of rcnnsylvania it is ncoos ary that all public and Official announcement, should be made both in English and in German, n order that they may be fairly brought within the ogniesnse of the people. ['he same necessity exists n Ohio, where German iewspapers, theatres, hurches, and school8r ival hose of the Anglo-Saxon 'opulation in numbers, mportance, and wealth. Ube Irish Roman Catholics ores in all the Northern nd Western States an szpe-isna in impclio, oting together, under ccleaiastical guidance, or objects different from STATUE IN rnL8oi-SQUARE, Los. lose which actuate the

 Protestant and Puritanic sections of the people. In addition to these divergences which time is more likely to aggravate and extend than to diminish in the case of the Irish, there is no community of sentiment or interest between the several

States, or between the parties in each State that struggle for the management of affairs. On the great question of slavery, on which the South is a unit, the North is divided into irreconcilable factions. The Eastern States are bigots for protection to native industry ; the Western States either care nothing for native industry or look upon it as an evil that prevents the due expansion of the corn trade with Great Britain, their best friend and customer. Truly considorcd, the North is no more a

N, nation than Switzerland

orAustria. Itis simply a

- N, Government and a fede

ration, and holds together for convenience, as Switzerlend does, or by mill. tory power, ia Austria, ad not from sympathy or community of political or social sentiment.

There is no example in history of any united, homogeneous, and determined nation that was ever conquered by a disunited, heterogeneous, and irresolute opponent, however greatly the latter may have surpassed it in wealth and numbers. All experience proves that the sentiment of nationality is the strongest and most enduring of the many forces that urge men to war, and iinpoh them to persist in it in face of danger, dis

couragement, and tem-porary defeat until the

nationality becomes in

hi- umphiaut. In addition to

this it mush be remem-bered that the so-called

rebellion of the South is consistent with American

- - principles and history,

and that the attempt to

-- subdue that rebellion

'' on the part, of the Worth is illogical and inconsistent with the Constitution on which the North itself takes its stand as an ladependent country. If the North is logically right in thewaritiswaging against the South it is at this moment rightfully a portion of the British dominions, and all its Presidents, from George Washington to Abraham Lincoln, have been rebels I - against legal authority. It is nothing but physical force, illegal in its origin, which has decided the question the other Cr THE speN-Mcssuxca way; and it is to force not illegal in it origin
that the South has appealed, failing all other sitcoms to secure a separation. And the Sooth, with this argument to support its invincible determination, must ultimately succeed, or human nature in America is not the same as it has proved everywhere else in every age of the world.

This inherent weakness of the Northern cause ha.s long hero palpable to all European observers of the war, but is stubbornly ignored by Mr. Lincoln and the composite people whom it is his sad privilege to govern. The North might obtain a glinipee of the truth if it would seriously study one aspect of the military question which affects both itself and the South. The Southern Government has but to declare that the "nation' is in danger, end to demand the aid of all the ablebodied population between certain ages to confront and overcome that danger, and, it obtains without money to pay them all tile men it reqnirea-men who cheerfully forsake their wives and faatilies, their business and their estates, atthe call of duty, and fight without hope of other reward than the consciousness of patriotism. When the North is in the same duflioulty, and appeals to its people in the same fashion, the results tire lamentably different, Though it odors the common soldier a rate of payment higher than that of a Lieutenant in the Austrian set vice, though it gladly accepts foreigners fresh from the emigraut-ship, though it piles bounty open bounty, and offers in some dia triete as much as 000 daIs., or £100 sterling, per man as an inducement to serve even for nine months, it fails to got togo tIter the armies for which it calls. And, worse than all, these armies, even if obtained, would be insufficient to conquer the South if they were thrice as numerous. The North refuses to leak at thus ugly symptom of its ease, and vainly hopes that by higher end still higher offers of demomlising bounty-money i may bribe a sufficient number of mercenary adventurers to fight the West battle-which such adventurers are as certain to lean as the love of country is a stronger incentive to earnest warfare then the love of dollars.

 Every day that passes proves more and more forcibly that the North is in a dilemma. The pride of the people is se great and the authority of the Government so small that it cannot msko the first offer of concession, According to all present appearances the war may last for a quarter of a canneryblaring up fiercely at one piece and smouldering in another

transferred from the cities to the ninontaina aml from the coast to the interior, but still alive, as long as a Southern titan or woutan is in existence to perpetuate its nninuosities. it is possible that the South, by acute crushing victory, such is the capture of Waslnugtou, might be able to dictate a peace or, if its leaders were an foolish as to wish to re-establish the thtirtu, ttnt they ttiigltt restore it for awhile, with the South as inastr'r, and lit', .Jclfertsm Davis as president in the place of Mr. Line "In. dispoesnised by common consent for incapacity hat in, default of truth a consummation, which is neither probable nor desirable, the war threatens to outlast the present generation, If it indicted no evils but on the unhappy combatant',; thiemiciros, shedding their host blood, wasting their substance, devastating their firitis and cities, destroying their well-wets liberties, and leaving them a century in arrear of the world's pr-ogress, other nations might look on with wonder, with sympathy, or with disgust, as their tultm'o or taste might direct but if, its its lingering but bitter course, it is to derange the commerce anti paralyse the industry or others, anti to rc,lttce to Pall. periotu the thrifty and hard-wrtrking tuilli' ttts or people it, Serape Isis, have done neither of the belligerents arty ltartn. the t1rreetion tttttat ariso, in the interest of oivilisatioa, whttl ten it shall rtct be shipped by other tends Ulan their ann. 'J'lr,t tune scents to be fast approaching for that solution of the liftrally. 'rho South Irris sneriteri tire recognition tif thu wnrltt, trnl Isos a right to elaitn it, as a ife facto Ch,vernuicat, Wile to ]told its own against all enemies. It its indomitable energy, its dansstlcss perseverance, its eosuttioss saerigoes, and a heroises that even its Northern enemies are generous enough to a1al!re in the hills soil pauses of the struggle, are not enffloiaot to secure for it a recognition into the family of nations, it Itas a colder, but perhaps a stronger, claim in the fact that it is not the practice of modern times or civiliKed nations, neither of Itssglaud,ner of France, norof tile UlliteLl~,'~lit.astitomi3eives,wlLn they were one (3nverniuout to dotty recognition to any sic ftiet,t Government that ltmts successfully maintained its position for it reasonable length of time, The Southern nation has that right at the least, and all mere questions id jute fall as completely to time ground in its presence as they did in time case of the French ilevointiosts of 1830 and 1848, and of the essnrnption of Imperial power by Napoleon III, end a hsmdred others that i

is needless to recapitulate.

Were there a faint prospect that the North might yet prevnil a timid Emmespean Power ]night hesitate even non' to do seammty justice to the Noetls bat thieve is no such prospect to justify even ii second or third rate Power from withtlsshtlittg its rae'tg stitiett, mach less France and England, that are ~troiigeiioagii to do justice and to care not whom they offend by it. The fear that war with the North would result front such action to both grauedlcss and unsvorthy. In time first place, there would he no rttstis haiti by time law of nations in the second, the Northern Stairs would have tent much to do to remodel their own Union and pay the eapeuses of their separation from the South to have time or heart for a war in which the whole world would be against theist ; and, in the third play, there is a large and inihiential psity in the United States who, instead of dt1tro
eating such friendly intervention on the pact of Europe, would look upon its refusal as the greatest calamity that could befall the North, and the ouklndoat possible pulley that Europe could pursue towards it. Southern independence is no longer a dream, but a fact; and, in juietica to all patties, it ought to be acknowledged, as much for il*ske of the North as for that of be South, and as much for the sake-of the soltea'iog industry rf Great Britain and Frilnee as for that of both of the combatants.

A2dllltICA.

By ties snivel ef the Norsesgian we have received telsgrsane vi Cape Beer, to the evening of ths ,,we nit.

WAB aritWs.

The Federals and Cent ederatse have had snotiese week of battles

resulting in the evacuation by the latter of the soil of Mse'ylnnd, Of the action on the 14th, at Nagemtewn, Maryland, QsnerafIfiCsij

reports as fellows:

Alters very severs engagement the corpse! Qeo,ersle beaker aol Race hay,

carried thin la'lhOe eoarras iahl,rg llsgerstowa-roatl by steno . The

onion continued otter 'lark, slid terminated leaving us In possession at the

retire crest of the height' . isersi liens coos killed.

On the side of the Confederates General Garland, of North Carolina

was killed.

On the next day General lIf'Clellan rsperts General Frnnlelin's

etcees on lies left, resultinno the capture of the Gap and 1000,

prisoners. On the 10th the Fall rals pursued the Gonfsdsrates, who tonic thtirstand at Sharpsburg, Maryland, under the command of General Los. The lath was shislhy enonpied in deploying the forces eusd gaining positions; but on Wednesday, the 17th, a severe battle was froght lasting hum dawn till dusk. The result of the battle was not very derisive; but the au psrierlty of position remained with the Federals. They estimate their less at from 18101) to 10,000 men. Tle',ir lees in Generals and field officers is almost unprecedented. General Mansfield was killed end Generals Hooker, Deryoa, Sumner, T. F. Meaghe,' Idea Wsi,ar, Bonn, lisrteull', ltiehsrdsen, Sedgwiek, Itisleotte, French, soil ltodmsn were wounded.

 Little beyond slorenisloing occurred on Thursday, the lath, On Friday General lrt'Clell,m reports that the enemy abaodens,l his jersition in the preceding eight, leaving dead and wean led on the held.

The Cenfederstos commenced rao'oesing the Polemic at Shop] istown Bridge, and two fords above end below it, early at Tlosrsd:oy night, (lanerrol .levleo',n conducted the retreat into Virginia, and sellirord only a shijoht loss in w5ggesrs end artillery, and 310 wounded men, liarly.ou Friday Clenend !'leeseatr.u pursued tire retre oting forces oct11, two l,atleries and two regiments at infantry, and ealot,r ed Borne of their onrorresrition and supplies and a small portion of a Sooth Carolina brigade, TI1,, I 'raliderates rots'e,otod towards Wieehsst,,r. The PI ol,'role by Just, etoents wes'o trersing the Fotoreaeo at Shepardstoweo sun WilliLisrlepnrt.

ti,'a,'rot, Siegel end llrn,trele,ann rnreeeusd fee the do'enes of Weslue,gtrn,

The Fi'lcral lhl"s"l bElie, will, 40100 men, eurrendere,l at harper's Ferry to (kaerial.lo,'loeou 'n tIne 11th. '.t'ha property deli eere,l up ceosisted of 111,1511 stand 'if stuns and more than fertj guns, of which only semi wore ojiih cii. The commissary stores o resistsd of cix days' notions for hoist me-n. llarpor's Ferry was on'y won after three day,' lighting. The Federals wars immediately p oreled. On the 10th the C,,nfrderotus evacuated this position after dsst.'eyin

what stores they e',old unit tarry AWRY, roles the pontoon-bridge as

this lrridiçe of the Baltimore soul hub llailrorod,

The l'edrral garrison at Mrre,rt,,nlsvllls, Kentucky, num'oaring 4.100 seen, with ton pier'os of sotillosy, se,'reudsrod an the 11th to G,'neral Ilceyg, whose f,,rree numbered ii) 000.

 TIre Confederates have gained sours ariventeges svsr the Fedseals in Western Virginia.

On the oilier lourd, the Federal nu-loate on the Mississippi have linen attire. They have destroyed l'rentiee and Bayen Sara, in Mississippi, leaving in the latter place only two houses standing. N,otth,'e was also la,,,obin'ded fr two looms and a held. The city then so,rrendered, but was not occupied by the assailants,

The iron-elod C'eetnlcrate stosnoer I)yiete has entered Mobile in hill

view of il,s lloelradiog squadron, I?oo,,saandnr Feeble has been dis

missed the United Slates' sereic,, for his belies on this occasion.

Drought log in the Northern States had gonsraily tesnpeetponedfeoa

tnt wreke on tine authority of the Uevet'n,,rs of the several States, oelio hope lobs able to make op threir quotas by voluntary enlistment. ho laernrr.tbu the draught had lice n made, ruod hod caused afewsllght disturbances. The Gevonr,sre of Pennsylvania ,reod Glalo hays issued a call to the Governors of all the Union States to moot on the 24th at • Alteroura, Pennsylvania. The subject of their deliberations will

probably relate to the feasibility of the forced conscription.

rrsz eoapanhln,troa 5TAtZB.

The ltiohmond Whig says that the expenses of the Confederate.

ilevornmont since the aomrnoneoment of the war to August of this year amount to 347,000,000 dals,

The Cooofederato hiengress has adopted a resolution to make a pee'

position to the Federal Government to treat open the manner of conducting tire war so as to mitigate its horrors, A resolution was passed resolling Messes. Mason end Suidoll.

oneern.t.Ahuheeus.

Mr. 0. 13', Train, late of London, had arrived at Boston and reeeiced a Iluldis welcome at the Be'eoro House. Tie lectured, the even lng after his arrival, to or large audience In Tremont Temple. Be rlees'oil 11110 d"ls, by his address, which hoe devoted to the Soldiers' Fond, hits theme was "England," width he proclaimed to be "a great sham.' lie has gene an to Washington, to have an aodeenoo with President Lincoln and Seorstary Seward. lie rsani'esd, amineiliatoly on his arrival in Boston, nlnoty.three applications to lecture,

The ariolcot'onratoh of the season bet,, eon sloven of the military of Canada against eleven civilians of the United States, sslsnted from the St. Geerge New York and Philadelphia Clubs, was played at fleboleen4 a suburb of New erk elty, on the 10th and 11th alt., and resulted in a victory far tire Anrerlonne, with five wickets to spars.

On the 17th ult. a frightful explosion took place at the Pennsylvania State arsenal, Pittebery. It occurred in a large framo,bnoildolg known as the laboratory; 170 boys end girls were employed in the building at the time of the disaster' of whom seventy-five or, of ghty were killed, Gun explosion followed another, until the entire bollarng was destroyed and those who could not escape in time were burnt. The cause of the explosion is net known, but it is adnntted by all to save beau accidental.

The Proyost-Mea'ehrol at Sb, Louis has roeaived instructions immediately to carry cut the Confiscation Act in Missouri, The property liable to confiscation is estimated at 60,000,000 dole.

The first body of free negro emigrants to Central America. wider the President's colonisation scheme was to start early in October no a last-class steamer. Senator Pemm'ey, of Kansas, is confuotor. The last body was to consist of 1180 emigrants, nearly all of thorn provided with implements of husbandry and a fall outfit of dam who miens h. Among the advance party are two of Frederick Douglass's onus.
THE ILLUSTRATED LONDON NEWS.

horns,, SAflTRDAF OCTOBER 4, 1862.

"News of an hour's age sloth hiss the speaker" when he speaks American news. While English writers are commenting upon the gallant deeds of the South and considering the life of Creaewell for the illustration of that of Jackson, they are sod. deoly coiled upon to poal;paeeo their historical parallels and to record that at length General MOlellan, aroused to a sense of the value of time, line marched rapidly to coast the invaders. has closed with them, and, after some battles of extraordinary savageness, has driven iheno hook-how far it is not known, but it is cortainthat the invasionhas been for the time repelled. M'Olollase has not only repulsed the Confederates but has vindicated his own character and the confidence which was placed in him by the army which he 010(10; and, without reference to the straggle itself, those in England who have all along rebuked the ingratitude with which his early and patient services were requited, and who felt a kind of impatient pity or a Populace that preferred the vaunt and swagger of each leeelere as Pope to the steady perseverance of MClellan, are glad to have an opportunity of once more doing bloc the justice which his countrymen were inclined to refuse him. Another snail may place hint in a situation of another kind; hot the educated and conscientious officer has now shown the Union the difference between a real soldier, in the hour of need, and the vain "selfmade" Generals who have been thrown to the front by a score of influences with which professional. fitness has had nothing to do. We learn that in Kentucky an important advantage has been gained by the Confederates, and that a very extensive capture of prisoners has been made, and also that the retreat of the invading army was conducted with perfect order, although, of course, it was necessary to flavour the telegrams with scumdonal polysyllables for the public of Now York.

Our revenue return is, all will hear with pleasure, and many

with surprise, most satisfactory. Certain advocates of A enorica who hoped that a black balancesheet would appear to strike a chill upon the hearts that refused to be exalted by Mr. inward and General Pops most be sorely disappointed at finding that, though the "War for Empire " loss injured its in one way, it has largely benefited us in another; and that the North has come eo an excellent customer, though not far the articles it was accustomed to apply for
ILLUSTRATION OF THE WAR IN AMERICA.

on Special Artist in America has sent to us an Bluetration, which we give moths preceding page, showing the Confederate scooting party under General Stuart, akiuniebing with a portion of General Pope's army in the neighbourhood of Oulpepper Courthouse. General

'sfame reached England after his marvellous raid round the extreme right of M'Clellan'a army, whilst the latter was threatening Richmond. It is

necessary to remind our readers of this gallant dash, which will take its picas in the history of cavalry tactics. Probably many will be surprised at the rough aol worn appearance of the men, especially when they are told that many of the privates worth from 50,000 to 100,000 dollars each. The rudeness of their eqiipmente, consisting mainly of old rusty eabrcs and shot-guns, is in ft great degree owing to the blockade, which shuts them out of the market of good carbines and doe-tempered blades. As it is, they are the finest irregular body of horse in the world.
